;FFMETADATA1
genre=Podcast
artist=Leo Laporte and the TWiTs
album=TWiT February 2007
title=TWiT 89 - The Future Is In Your Hand
composer=TWiT
comment=http://twit.tv/89
date=2007
Failed to align segment (" It's kind of like Twitter."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" That's everybody."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" Then I could put the-"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I'm going to tell you anyway."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" And it's interesting that he uses the word screen time,"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I blocked it by my hand."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I know what this is."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" It's one of the few that's trademarked on this list."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" It's one of the few that's trademarked on this list."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" The show has left me behind, but I'm going to continue on."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" Thankfully, there's a number you can call whenever that urge hits."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" 6434."): no characters in this segment found in model dictionary, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" The best place in town for delicious typing hat pizza delivered right to your door."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" Those local guys can't even figure out how to use this."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" We're going to have a lot of programs that don't use this."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (""): no characters in this segment found in model dictionary, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" You know, we use it for we use it for Christmas music."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
