;FFMETADATA1
album=This Week In Tech 2011
artist=Leo Laporte and the TWiTs
comment=http://twit.tv/330
encoded_by=iTunes v7.0
genre=Podcast
title=TWiT 330: Herky-Jerky
track=330
date=2011
encoder=Lavf58.76.100
Failed to align segment (" $10.43."): no characters in this segment found in model dictionary, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" These French Union workers are going to walk out on you."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" We won't do it something like this. We have a sky booth."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" Why is this so... How did they give you all this room?"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" You did some kind of internet summit there before, right?"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" We were going to do... I was going to do the E8 summit"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" and I couldn't make it. We sent Jeff Jarvis in my place"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" What are we doing for Twitter? Is Tom going to do Twitter?"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" even though they've already taken a $4 billion charge."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" No, they're already playing this game where, well, like,"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" What if the thing was established from the beginning with this thesis?"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" We'll move away a bunch of stuff and then they'll probably negotiate."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" and they come back with something the government can agree to."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" if you're sitting in the audience watching the show,"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" People at the baseball games can watch the replay on the camera."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" AT&T's done a spectacular job of slowly reassembling"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" that, you know, you're paying for X megabits per second"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I mean, I'm not arguing that T-Mobile doesn't have issues,"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" We've taken the spectrum back from analog television."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" You have to... your towers, you have to put in new cell sites"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" So they buy the spectrum and now they have the spectrum"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I've tried it in Vegas the only place I've tried it."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" they were promised or the bandwidth they were promised"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" There are telecom experts out there who listen to the show"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" but it was the guy from the US Chamber of Commerce"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" But isn't that what it is from their point of view?"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I'm just like, isn't Department of Homeland Security"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" they like to take on more and more responsibilities"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" because then they get the bigger budget the next year"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" Was it the Motion Picture Association that ran the ad"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" They're really an incredible financial organization"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" that uses movies to gather money and distribute it."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" probably shouldn't be allowed to change how DNS works either."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" First of all, it's the best Android tablet out there."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I'll take this on the plane to watch movies on the plane."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" If I want to watch a movie, I'll watch it on a big laptop."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I'm not fond of it, but I have everything I have is Apple."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" with a freaking Amazon Plus membership in three years."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" And in three years from now, they're going to be fantastic."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" The first one was really kind of ugly and funny-looking,"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" Okay, so for $50 more, you can get one without hesitation,"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" How long is Barnes & Noble going to even be in business?"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" He's browsing casually through the New Oxford American Dictionary."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" Does it feel somewhat stuttering and hesitating to you?"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I should also point out that part of what he's doing"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I think it's also going to be interesting to watch what happens"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" whether or not Apple starts chasing more of the low end."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" Well, it's less of a battle over hardware distribution"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I think that Apple has not yet demonstrated that it understands the cloud at all."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" hardware is going to be as important as understanding cloud,"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" whether Google doesn't understand cloud or Apple doesn't understand cloud."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" But I just think that that's where they're going to need to get good"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" The other $64,000 question is cloud going to get kicked to the curb"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" Well, that's where push is going to come to shove, isn't it?"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" And it's going to be Netflix and everybody else who are saying,"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" So they're really actually hitting it at two different directions."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" And this is a Wall Street analyst that's basically been going,"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" Well, I'm not sure where you're going with this, Leo,"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" and we've got a thousand people all hitting at the same time."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" It's my opinion that it is not a constrained resource"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" They have to deal with the fact that we're going to slowly evolve to IPTV"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" they don't want us doing the things we want to do with the internet."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" Or maybe they're going to do it like an electrical bill"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" and they're just going to flat charge you for every bit you download."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" Once you've built out the infrastructure to serve the bits."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I know a lot of you came here to see the electric focus, it's not out yet."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I'm going to go take the three of you for a ride on my Mustang."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" And we'll do this again when the electric focus comes out."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" The whole idea here is we keep our hands on the wheel, our eyes on the road, and talk to the car."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" Don't get me wrong, but you can't do that in a Camaro."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I know you buy a car to get around, but this stuff is so cool."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" Lisa, you came with this guy who's a Skyrim player, right?"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" You said when Glenn plays Skyrim, you get a girls' night out."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" By the way, they have the, for people that are going to..."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" Some of these people overate Twizzlers and popcorn."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" Did you already open? You took the cellophane off, didn't you?"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" We drink the something something. Have you ever had that?"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" see this is not the beta, but I have it on my other computer."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" and I'm thinking Patrick, who is the guy who likes to buy music."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I get Spotify, but most of my really serious music listening"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" Flac or Apple lossless, depending on which system you're on."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" It's like the CEO of Spotify, his catchphrase is music should be like water."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I'll ask him about this, because I think that I'm starting to see"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" by saying we're going to sell 99 cent individual tracks."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" There weren't that many singles, there were singles,"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" Music has been a commodity ever since recorded media started."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" whose individual units are capable of mutual substitution"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" There are always going to be people who will treat it"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" Somebody gets into a snit, they might pull their digital rights"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" And I'm going to call punk pop for purposes of argument,"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" but a highly compressed punk song doesn't lose a lot."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" But most people don't care about any music enough to care about that."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" It would only be a good deal for somebody who would buy a CD a month"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I think there are people who weren't buying much in the way of music"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" and then they stumbled into iTunes when they were digitizing their CDs"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" Oh my God, there's four Nielsen albums I've never heard of."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I'm just wondering what the future of music and music sales holds."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" You would hold with Steve Jobs that people want to own it."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" And this is somebody I have a lot of respect for the man."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" that anybody who's ever worked with record companies"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" hates them more than those of us who've not worked with them."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" It seems like Yahoo should be worth more than it is."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" That's good because that's what we're talking about."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" Google seems to be following down the path of Yahoo"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" and it might want to hit the brakes and turn around."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" Everyone who goes to visit Yahoo says, oh my God, this is out of control."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" Could you go into a company that's that messed up in your experience and fix it?"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" There's been person after person that's tried to do fixable."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" Jerry Yang tried to do that, but he couldn't pull it off."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" Think about it, John. We'll get back to you in a moment."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I think it was Watson, come here, I need you, I believe."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" It feels like an early Neil Stevenson book that he..."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" If you like thrillers, you might want to listen to it."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" But I have to say, the technology in it is all right on."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" You can get this for free in another book, audible.com slash twit two."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" There's a game that's like World of Warcraft called T-Rain."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" And you really think Sherwin's a better writer than..."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" Because they kept cropping up trying to stop each other."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" When are you going to read a couple of these books?"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" Well, that's the only way you can make any money at it."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I think, well, this one's only four hours, but it'd be funny."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" Okay, so I should sleep on the way to France and stay awake coming home."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" They have the commuter Long Island railroad trains."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" It doesn't pick up punctuation or intonation of your voice."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" Fie, papa, you are speaking with intonation to a robot."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" and not play head games in Syria because of that board."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" You saw the story about the woman who got arrested for talking in the quiet car."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" Yeah, College Humor. You've seen this, maybe you haven't."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" One last story, then we're going to wrap this thing up."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" U.S. Postal Service plans to slow down first class mail."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" First of all, they're talking about cutting $3 billion."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" They had to pay out their retirement benefits for the next 75 years in advance."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" Well, and not only that, they're going to lose business."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" They're going to shut down 250 or 500 mail processing centers?"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" No, no, see what they have here is a great deck, and it sucked you in."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" Including the Petaluma processing center, which is going to be closed."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" If you want overnight delivery, you're going to have to get overnight delivery."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I wish I were doing a Stamps.com ad right now, but I'm not."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" This would be a perfect show to give out because you don't have to go to the post office anymore."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" No, well, use us, don't use email because it's insecure."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" Not that you're going to save money, but that you're losing business to FedEx?"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" Can I ask you a question, a technical question as a writer?"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" Why are you sending these emails if they're going to get published?"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" Well, it depends on what fiction writer you're talking to."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" And then he would have the laptop fixed and overnighted the next day."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" than you might have gotten from other public announcements?"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" It was a very honest moment and he had very few of those."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" Anyway, Letters to Steve inside the email box of Apple Steve Jobs"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" By the way, somebody's already written a book called"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" $4.99."): no characters in this segment found in model dictionary, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" Well, I was working on this one for about eight months."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" so it was probably just because I was working on the weekends."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" You don't need to wait for printing presses to get to it"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I think the interesting thing is that Google Voice,"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" that Apple was able to get the carriers to agree to this."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" that's where you'll find about his many enterprises,"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" Oh, that's funny because I've been wanting to ask him a question."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" Here's a look at some of the things we'll be talking about on tech news today in the week ahead."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" We follow the chat room and all of your insulting comments there."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" If you haven't downloaded the 720p version, take a look at it."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" You might even be able to tell what color John C. Dvorak's hair is."): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Start time: 0.68
End time: 151.22
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  from people you trust.  This is TWIT.  Audio bandwidth for this week in tech is provided by the new Winamp for Android  featuring wireless sync and one-click iTunes import. Now with free daily music  downloads and full-length CD listening parties. Download it for free at  winamp.com slash Android. Video bandwidth for TWIT is provided by  cashfly at c-a-c-h-e-f-l-y dot com.  This is TWIT, This Week in Tech, episode 330, recorded December 4th, 2011.  Erky Jerky.  This Week in Tech is brought to you by GoToMyPC,  the holidays, bad weather and sick days to keep you out of the office but not  from getting work done. Visit go to my pc dot com for your free 30-day trial.  Use the promo code TWIT and by  Ford. Featuring available voice activated sync. Sync gives you versatile  access to music, podcasts and more from just about any device. Check it out in  the new 2012 Ford Focus and at ford dot com slash technology and by audible dot  com. Sign up for the platinum plan and get two free books. Go to audible dot com  slash twit too. Don't forget to follow audible on Twitter user ID audible  underscore com.  It's time for TWIT This Week in Tech and today we have a nice big studio audience.  Hello everybody thank you for being here.  This is the second of our barbecues and I think we're gonna do more of these. It's a  lot of fun to have a big studio audience from all over. There's a fellow  from Ireland welcome. Fellow from Edmonton welcome good to have you and  the rest of them from all over the US. Los Angeles great to have you here. Our  panel today includes to my left Mark Millian of CNN. Hello Leo. 4 million of the LA Times. Good to see you.  Good to see you too. Thanks for coming. Thanks for having me. It's gonna be fun. John C. Dvorak welcome to you.  Hello Leo. Hello John. And next to John Mr. Patrick Norton my erstwhile buddy from the  screensavers famous for his sledgehammer. Look at that. Look at you with a fancy rip hammer.

Start time: 151.34
End time: 155.76
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  Isn't that a nice hammer? That's a California framing hammer. This guy here in the front row

Start time: 155.84
End time: 160.74
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  knows the guy who designed this. He says it's a racing hammer.

Start time: 162.92
End time: 166.68
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  What does that mean? Well if you can race chainsaws why can't you race hammers?

Start time: 167.62
End time: 197.76
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Anyway feel that. So Patrick is famous for his sledgehammer. It's nicely balanced isn't it?  I have a feeling that when you find me slumped over my computer with a hammer  protruding from my head it will be that one. At least it'll be a quality hammer. It'll be a quality way to go.  Maxwell's silver hammer. So Patrick is famous for using a sledgehammer on computers he doesn't like.  So I thought just in case anything at this point angers you or raises your  eye or you'll have that. Just broke the set.

Start time: 198.06
End time: 207.18
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Oh that's good he says. Is that nice?  Yeah put it down before you hurt somebody. This is from Douglas makes these.

Start time: 208.06
End time: 217.94
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  High end tool maker. That's very nice thank you.  Oh you want to see a shot of it? Look at that. It feels like it's got a longer handle than normal.

Start time: 218.36
End time: 226.61
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  I don't know why that is. Framing hammers have really long handles.  So you can get a lot of momentum going there. 16 penny nails suck.

Start time: 228.20
End time: 232.94
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Do people still use nails? Yes. I guess they have to. Anyway the big story today

Start time: 234.20
End time: 237.74
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  As opposed to what Leo? I don't know fasteners. Glue.

Start time: 239.61
End time: 335.52
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  It seems so primitive that the way we join two pieces of wood  is by driving a steel spike in. Home building is primitive.  It's a very basic fundamental thing. And it employs people.  So I think we should start with this carrier IQ story because I need some clarification.  I need to understand what's going on.  Carrier IQ to kind of fill you in. There's a guy who does security  Actually I think he's an IT guy named Trevor Eckhart. He's got a blog.  He noticed a lot of outbound traffic on his company's land.  He said this is odd. Where is all this traffic coming from?  He looked into it and it was coming from employees smartphones.  He looked into it a little bit further and found that there was a program on many of these smartphones  that was phoning home.  When he first announced this a couple of weeks ago, carrier IQ said no, no. In fact the carriers said sprint and AT&T were using it.  No, no, no. This is software we put on our phones. We monitor the network.  We monitor usage anonymously. It helps us design better phones.  And that actually makes sense. You want to tailor your network for where the usage is and all that stuff.  To improve network and handset performance. Now, Eckhart did some more research.  Looked at some debugging software and according to the video that he posted this week,  all activity on the phone is recorded and sent back to carrier IQ including keystrokes and actions.

Start time: 339.85
End time: 360.68
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  Let's pause for a moment because at this point this story hits the web.  The web goes berserk. Senators Al Franken, other senators, has demanded a report.  Because it's literally, one, I like to tease Android owners because it's easy.  But it's pretty much on all Android phones. It's on Blackberry phones and people freak out.

Start time: 360.68
End time: 364.15
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  It was built into the iPhone software too for a while.

Start time: 365.68
End time: 378.80
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  Yes, which Apple was like, we've disabled an iPhone 5 and we'll be clearing out the rest of the operating software later.  It's a commonly used tool pretty much by everybody.  So the $64,000 question, which you were bringing up before, is did Trevor make a mistake using debugging software?

Start time: 380.80
End time: 388.53
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Which one? Security researchers said he did. He said, no, no, no, it's scan.  It's easy to scan the keystrokes. It's not sending them back.  He's misunderstanding what the log is saying.

Start time: 389.80
End time: 394.80
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  Or the log captures every single character you enter on your phone, which is a little more terrifying.

Start time: 395.24
End time: 436.40
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Including during SSL sessions where you're typing your bank password, it captures that.  And Trevor sends it back.  Now we asked Trevor to join us. He did not respond.  So we don't have a way of asking him this.  But there is quite a bit of dissent over it.  Lance Yulanov writing in Mashable says, Carrier IQ is misunderstood, not evil.  Carrier IQ themselves say, we don't do this.  And in fact, even if, no matter what they say, why would any company collect every keystroke from every phone that it's running on?  It would be insane. What would you do with all that?  Analyze it.  But not steal passwords. Look for spelling errors.  Everybody's laughing, but look for spelling mistakes.

Start time: 437.08
End time: 479.20
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  Because Apple's spelling is really interesting.  To improve your predictions.  That's what Google does.  We stopped supporting Carrier IQ with iOS 5, and most of our products will remove it completely in a future software page.  It doesn't matter if they wanted to or not.  They're going to do it now because Apple's playing a game to try to keep ahead of Android.  We're the good software, not that open source stuff.  But it says, with any diagnostic data sent to Apple, customers are actively opting to share this information.  If they do, the data is sent in an anonymous and encrypted form.  It does not include any personal information.  So the other thing we don't know about Carrier IQ, and certainly Carrier IQ is not going to be answering a lot right now, is...  Although actually they did do a press release.  They said they're not collecting this stuff.  Right, but that doesn't mean somebody else isn't collecting this stuff.

Start time: 479.28
End time: 484.28
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Well, it does raise the issue.  If it's stored in a log on the phone, then a bad guy who gets your phone might be able to find all that stuff.

Start time: 484.28
End time: 509.67
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  If a bad guy gets my phone and actually manages to crack the security on my iPhone before he erases it...  Not everybody puts security on their phone.  I understand that.  But everybody should put security on their phone.  Has everyone backed up this week?  Who's backed up today?  Okay, who's backed up this week?  Who's backed up this month?  Everybody who hasn't backed up, you have something to do on Sunday night when you get home.  Because one of you is going to lose a hard drive.  It's true.

Start time: 510.28
End time: 512.24
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  It's a PSA announcement.  Yeah, really.

Start time: 514.54
End time: 520.20
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Lance's position is that, look, all computers have diagnostic software running on them.

Start time: 520.60
End time: 530.18
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  Well, I think the problem was that this was just sloppily coded diagnostics, whereas they didn't necessarily need to log every keystroke into the log.  Right.

Start time: 530.42
End time: 532.84
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  If they're doing that, we're not sure they're doing that.

Start time: 533.40
End time: 539.20
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  Well, they're logging it locally onto the phone, but they're not necessarily sending it to the network.  They're probably not.

Start time: 539.62
End time: 628.92
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Well, this is all this supposition that apparently people have not ignored the fact that Gina Smith, who's got a new...  She's got her...  I don't know what she's like, the Pied Piper.  She's got all these people working for her, and I'm going to help her on her new thing.  Are you?  Yeah.  But she uncovered the fact, because she recalled a press release from these guys that was put up with the Nielsen Company.  And that was taken down, and she called one of her friends at Nielsen and had her resend these old press releases.  And that's where the IQ guys apparently show all the functionality.  They brag about the fact that they do collect every single keystroke.  They brag about the fact that they can map what you're doing and what you're thinking and how you're thinking.  Wow.  And this was produced as a press release within the last two years about what they're up to completely, and it's just now getting picked up.  These guys, this is a...  It turns out exactly what they're doing may, in fact, be an incredible violation of U.S. law.  It would be illegal.  If you don't opt in.  There is still some issue here, because a lot of the stuff they're doing apparently is pretty sketchy.  Now, that said, as somebody else pointed out to me, what is the difference between this and what Echelon is doing,  or what they're doing in that big AT&T building where they're basically taking everything,  the U.S. government, the National Security Agency for one,  is looking at every single moment that you're on the phone looking for keywords,  and it's basically being spied upon in every which way.  What?

Start time: 629.88
End time: 655.35
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  Well, one, if you're transmitting information on the Internet and it's unencrypted, it's public anyway.  It's the back of a postcard.  You can make privacy assumptions, but they're really pathetic assumptions that you were wrong about.  But two, the idea that your carrier has the ability to look on my phone and see the pictures I took last night,  that scares the hell out of people, because they assume their phone and its contents is private,  even though if you get pulled over doing something stupid in California or just private.  I assume that my landline is private.

Start time: 657.03
End time: 659.88
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  You're so cute.  I assume my landline is private.

Start time: 659.90
End time: 665.76
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  You need to play around with some phones with this.  I think we all understand.

Start time: 665.92
End time: 674.57
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Anybody who listens to this show would understand that.  For instance, your Internet service provider, I mean, people worry about Facebook and Google.  Your Internet service provider sees everything you're doing.  If it's not encrypted.

Start time: 676.42
End time: 679.70
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  Your Internet provider can see everything.  One of my favorite lines, one of the guys who worked with me.

Start time: 680.08
End time: 712.96
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  And a cell phone is even worse because, you know, I mean, your carrier, your cell phone carrier,  is the person who is your Internet service provider on your cell phone.  So they can see everything you're doing.  Plus, the cell phone itself reports back with your location.  A lot of information.  Who is surprised that this stuff is being sent back?  Isn't it a little naive to assume that it's, you know, I mean, this is if you don't,  if you want to be private, don't carry a cell phone, right?  Could you pick up the hammer, please?

Start time: 713.26
End time: 737.98
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  Yeah, not with my phone.  It's okay. Just pick up the hammer, please.  Now, is this a hammer for driving nails and a principal tool used in construction and home repair?  Yes.  This is a murderous weapon used almost weekly to destroy human lives and create suffering.  Because carrier, HTC says, HTC says, hey, yeah, we use carrier IQ.  Somebody has a problem.  We tell them to hit this button.  If they opt to hit this button, it sends us information.

Start time: 738.24
End time: 749.12
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  We can fix their phone.  And that's why they're logging keystrokes because it's a diagnostics program that responds to,  you know, star two two or whatever.  It's looking for a string of characters that you hit on the keyboard and then it activates.

Start time: 749.46
End time: 752.55
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  By the way, that's a dragon slayer.  I just wanted you to know.

Start time: 753.78
End time: 779.36
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  I'm sorry.  I'd like to know how much of the bandwidth that these crazy things are chewing up,  doing all this calling home.  And by the way, there's a company up in Canada called Spy Cop,  who is one of the earliest keylogger breakers.  I mean, they essentially have software that allows you to find spyware,  not the Trojan horse generator and stuff,  but stuff where somebody goes on your machine and sticks a keylogger on there.

Start time: 779.62
End time: 794.73
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Our chat room, somebody in the chat room is saying,  well, the reason this is a problem is because Carrier IQ is not your phone company.  I don't see why this would be any worse.  It's not your phone company.  So we assumed the phone company knew everything,  but now some third party also knows everything.  I guess that makes it marginally worse.

Start time: 795.48
End time: 816.08
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  But Carrier IQ also says we're not collecting the information.  This is a tool that we sell, other people play with the tool.  What they do with it, like the hammer,  what they do with the tool may be up to what settings they use,  how they employ it, what the end user opts in on.  And the truth is, this is going to take a lot of work  to try to figure out what everybody's doing with this  and if anybody's doing anything with this.

Start time: 817.16
End time: 820.40
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  I think jail time should be involved.  Really?

Start time: 821.20
End time: 827.84
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  This is a great job challenging the people that took out the economy in Wall Street.  Let's go after a small company that's screwing around with cell phones.  Right.  Why not?

Start time: 828.60
End time: 840.61
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  I don't think we have the full story yet.  That's what I'd like to do.  It's not going to be good.  It's not going to be pretty.  It's going to be worse if they release that they're not sending the information over there.  That it's just sloppy and they're storing way too much information.  You've got a positive attitude.

Start time: 842.03
End time: 842.52
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  I like that.

Start time: 843.51
End time: 845.72
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  I'm just here to count and balance it on the other side of the table.

Start time: 847.25
End time: 848.21
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  I thought it was being chipper.

Start time: 850.90
End time: 866.78
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  What do you think is going to happen?  Carrier IQ says we collect data for performance information,  which we sell back to the companies that subscribe to our service.  We don't care what SMS messages you send.  Do you think that they are gathering other data on our uses?

Start time: 866.84
End time: 882.82
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  I don't know.  There's going to be a Senate hearing.  Franken will be in that committee because it's one of the ones he's in.  And there's going to be a lot of blather and we'll find out.  I kind of agree with the other side of the table.  There's more to the story than we know.  The story we don't know.  I think what we know, we know, which is what's minor.

Start time: 883.14
End time: 894.79
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  There is, of course, a class action wiretap suit saying they violated federal wiretap laws.  The suit is against Carrier IQ, HTC, and Samsung.  Could be a...

Start time: 896.12
End time: 898.81
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  You might want to get in on that.  You'll probably get a check for $10.

Start time: 902.18
End time: 906.84
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  This is free money.  140 million phones and tablets have this stuff on them.

Start time: 906.96
End time: 918.80
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  It's actually a funny point, the $10, because there's been some research into the idea of actively selling your personal information.  Well, they're going to collect it.

Start time: 919.06
End time: 931.96
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Let's do a fair trade.  Don't just take it.  The problem with that is that...  That's what we do with Facebook, right?  Right.  Really?  I get a free service.  I know they're getting some information.  That's fair.  So the phone should be free.

Start time: 931.96
End time: 937.27
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  The problem with that is that people vastly overestimate how much their personal information is worth.  How much is it really worth?

Start time: 938.18
End time: 938.92
Speaker: SPEAKER_03
Transcript:  Probably a few dollars.

Start time: 940.57
End time: 943.37
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  If you're a stock market trader, this is worth quite a bit of money.  I don't know.

Start time: 943.96
End time: 946.37
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  It's worth something to Facebook.  Facebook's evaluation...

Start time: 946.96
End time: 947.57
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  Only in aggregate, though.

Start time: 948.00
End time: 975.76
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  In aggregate.  With millions and millions.  Yeah, they have 800 million users.  They're worth, apparently, according to the rumor that they're going to have an IPO at $10 billion, that will value them at $100 billion.  That's a pretty valuable company based on collecting people's data smog.  So I mean, it's worth something, but you're right.  In aggregate.  So actually, if you do the math, if they're worth $100 billion and they have 800 million users, we're each worth, what, $1.58?

Start time: 977.10
End time: 978.20
Speaker: SPEAKER_03
Transcript:  Sounds about right.  Yeah.

Start time: 979.20
End time: 1009.30
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  It could be worth a lot more than that.  I mean, I was just listening on the way up, as a matter of fact, of some guy discussing...  He was one of the guys at News of the World who just was in front of a hearing.  And he says, everybody tapped the phones.  He says, it was worth a fortune.  You hear all these messages.  You find out what you're doing.  You could blackmail people.  You could do all these different things.  And it was like that information was quite valuable if you're a celebrity of some level and you collect this information.  So I don't believe that only in aggregate is this stuff worth anything.

Start time: 1009.56
End time: 1019.28
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  And why did Carrier ID record these keystrokes if it did?  And again, I think there's some question, but if it did, why did it record it to this log?  That's not something you would normally do, is record every keystroke.

Start time: 1020.28
End time: 1032.32
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  In the Verger article, Carrier IQ basically says, it's not our log file.  It's the manufacturer's log file or it's the carrier's log file.  Do we put stuff in there?  Absolutely, but only after the carrier or the manufacturer turns it on.

Start time: 1032.32
End time: 1035.09
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  And wasn't Sergeant Schultz that said this?  No, nothing.

Start time: 1036.58
End time: 1051.01
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  All right, well, it's a great story.  What happened to being benign?  Now you've brought fascism into it by way of bad 60s comedy.  That's a quite good 60s comedy.  Actually, I agree with you.  Hogan's Heroes?  Come on.  I can't laugh at that.  No, genius.

Start time: 1051.44
End time: 1061.15
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Lawrence Marks, one of the greatest TV writers in history.  Who?  Lawrence Marks.  Lawrence Marks, the guy who wrote that.  Yeah, he wrote most of the good episodes.  They could wind four stories.  How did this happen?

Start time: 1061.44
End time: 1062.53
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Four stories together like nobody else.

Start time: 1063.56
End time: 1076.56
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  What?  Hogan's Heroes?  Yeah.  You ever watched Hogan's Heroes?  Apparently, I didn't pay attention.  It's a structural, it's an amazing structural product.  You're kidding.  No, not kidding.

Start time: 1076.60
End time: 1087.56
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  There was actually an interesting article in the New York Times last Sunday about the  death of television comedy that nothing new has happened since Sherwood Schwartz.  What's his name?

Start time: 1088.97
End time: 1090.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Sergeant Schultz.  Sergeant Schultz?

Start time: 1090.68
End time: 1115.30
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  No, no, the guy who created the, wrote these.  Lawrence Marks?  Lawrence Marks.  We're going to take a break because this is just time drama.  AT&T, we'll talk about AT&T Mobile.  SOPA on the Ropa.  But now the movie industry says, no, don't worry about it, we'll fix it, we'll make it  better, we'll bring it back.  Kindle Fire, doing well.  Spotify, big announcement.  Lots more to talk about.

Start time: 1115.70
End time: 1116.83
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  So we've got the one topic.

Start time: 1117.68
End time: 1127.78
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  And we're already going to a break.  That's a pretty big topic.  We spent 15 minutes on it.  You want to talk more about this?  No, I'm done.  You want to do something?  Enjoy, I wanted to give you some time to enjoy your red vines.

Start time: 1128.47
End time: 1134.80
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Oh, that's what these are?  Yeah, I told you.  You know, there's two types of people.  There's the red vines and what's the other brand?  Twizzlers, yeah.

Start time: 1135.44
End time: 1140.37
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Oh, are those, I don't know, you know, they might be Twizzlers, I'm sorry.  No, these are red vines.  You can tell.

Start time: 1140.80
End time: 1144.52
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  You can tell because the other kind, no offense to the Twizzler eaters, are terrible.

Start time: 1147.33
End time: 1148.41
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  They're waxy.  Red vines are waxy.

Start time: 1152.41
End time: 1152.92
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Twizzlers are inedible.

Start time: 1154.04
End time: 1343.64
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Red vines are waxy.  Twizzlers are inedible.  You should have left it at the...  Hogan's Heroes.  It's actually gone, it's gotten worse.  I didn't think it could.  Would you like to borrow the hammer?  Let's talk a little bit about go to my PC.  The holidays are here.  Bad weather, sick days, travel.  You may not be in the office very much.  I think I'm only in the office a couple of weeks in December.  Doesn't mean you can't get work done.  Go to my PC lets you use your iPad to access your office computer.  So here's what you do before you...  What size pockets do you have?  I'm like Captain Kangaroo.  I got all sorts of stuff in here.  I got hammers, I got iPads.  Before you go away for the break, before you get sick for the holidays,  before you decide that you just don't want to work anymore,  install go to my PC from Citrix on your office computer.  You can actually do it free for 30 days at gotomypc.com.  Use the offer code TWIT.  There it is.  Go to mypc.com, click the try it free button.  TWIT for the promo code.  Now you got it on your PC.  Now hit the road.  You can use the free iPad app.  You can use any computer you log into.  And securely connect to your office computer, Mac or PC, anywhere you're online.  You can run any program, access any network resource,  send and receive any email.  It's just like you're at work.  Even on the iPad, it's so weird and wacky to be using a desktop computer on your iPad,  but it works great.  Your office computer, just a click away.  You don't have to work, but at least you know if you need to, you can.  Go to mypc.com slash twit.  Actually, I'm sorry, no.  Go to mypc.com, click the orange button, the try it free button,  and then enter TWIT in the offer code and you can try it free for 30 days.  Big fan, wouldn't go anywhere without installing go to my PC first.  We are going somewhere, by the way.  I'm heading to France.  Eileen Rivera, the producer of this show, is already there.  Sarah Lane is already there.  And we are getting ready for the L'Web conference.  You can find out more on our blog, TWIT in Paris,  Wednesday, December 7th, we begin our broadcast day.  Now, she's giving it in Paris time at 12.15,  which is 3.15 in the morning California time, 6.15 East Coast time.  So early in the morning on Wednesday, tune in.  We'll probably chop this up and put it on specials, maybe even rerun it.  But we're going to be interviewing Kevin Rose on the main stage.  Sarah and I will be doing that.  And then more big names, people like Dave Morin, Eric Schmidt,  Marissa, what's her name?  I should probably learn.  What's her name?  And that other guy.  What's his name?  You can watch the stream at L'Web.net.  They have a stream of their speakers in and we'll pull them into our...  Oh, I want to see the studio.  I haven't seen this yet.  Our L'Web studio.  They're building it right there.  Oh, no, no, no. Go to my screen. My screen.  Oh, you got it?  There you go. See?  This is our L'Web IBM studio.  They're tilting up the walls even as we speak.  That should be a lot of fun.

Start time: 1343.82
End time: 1351.31
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  I can't wait. Look at the size of this thing.  I know. It's huge.  Is this live?  So you have like...

Start time: 1354.76
End time: 1363.76
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Yeah, I know. It'll be done in August.  Just in time.  So join us as we talk to some of the biggest names in technology  all Wednesday, Thursday and Friday morning.

Start time: 1364.76
End time: 1368.37
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Are you going to do some big to-do like this at the CES show?  Big giant studio?

Start time: 1373.84
End time: 1380.76
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  It's La Week. They're French. They do it up.  You know, Wednesday I'm meeting President Sarkozy.  We're going to... We're having a reception at the palace.

Start time: 1381.76
End time: 1384.64
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  You're going to get to meet his wife?  I hope Carla's there. She's some...

Start time: 1392.14
End time: 1444.94
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  and I hope that President Sarkozy doesn't remember this.  What?  Because Jeff really was confrontational.  He said, you're ruining the internet.  He did. He said that.  So anyway, that'll be interesting.  So that's coming up next week.  I won't be here, but Tom Merritt will be holding down the fort.  And then I... Next...  I guess next Sunday, Tom Merritt will host Twitter.  But obviously I'll be using GoToMyPC to stay in touch.  AT&T T-Mobile. AT&T says,  the FCC document on the T-Mobile by lax all credibility.  They're fighting hard to keep this alive,  Is there any hope for the AT&T T-Mobile merger at all?  Is it over?  I hope so.  I think they still have a shot.  Really? I do too.

Start time: 1446.00
End time: 1465.12
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  They can redesign it and...  what if we do this? What if we do that?  What if it's a joint venture?  We're not going to make this deal happen.  So here's what we'll do.  That's how you negotiate.  It's quite possible they're going to be still doing this deal.

Start time: 1466.12
End time: 1478.12
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  Well, the latest option that the New York Times reported  is that they would sell off some of T-Mobile subscribers to Leap Wireless  and turn them into the new T-Mobile.  Kind of boost them up a bit and then take T-Mobile Spectrum.

Start time: 1479.26
End time: 1485.98
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Yeah, which could have been planned in advance.  Yeah.  They come out smelling like a rose and saving money.

Start time: 1487.12
End time: 1491.12
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  That's usually what happens to these things, right?  The government objects, the companies regroup,

Start time: 1494.14
End time: 1495.08
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  Yeah, but this is also, I mean, I...

Start time: 1496.12
End time: 1497.12
Speaker: UNKNOWN
Transcript:  We'll ask for too much and then we'll have to...

Start time: 1500.18
End time: 1506.85
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Now, see, I don't know why,  you would need to listen to it.  It's like a new ball game.

Start time: 1508.12
End time: 1509.02
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  This is like baseball games.

Start time: 1512.79
End time: 1514.06
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  What did John say? Let me listen.

Start time: 1515.18
End time: 1580.24
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  I mean, I'm not a...  Despite the fact that I've been giving them money  ever since I bought an iPhone,  I'm not a big AT&T fan.  Who is?  AT&T, yeah, I don't think anybody is.  the monopoly that was broken up, you know,  a thousand years ago.  They've done...  They do things like, they have, you know,  technical engineer, or like, engineering...  I can't remember the name of the people  that generated the report, but a few years ago,  when everybody got upset,  in their capacity, and they were like,  no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.  We do that like a web page at a time,  but if you really want full speed,  this is what it would cost you, you know,  per month, and it was like $400 versus like,  you know, $50 for DSL connectivity.  It's like, we're selling you like a web page at a time.  We don't want you to actually do large downloads.  We're not selling you 24-hour access  to this internet speed.  AT&T's so fundamentally slimy in Washington.  AT&T and Verizon spent over $11 million lobbying  on the Hill, and lo and behold,  the FCC decides not to regulate wireless internet, you know?

Start time: 1581.24
End time: 1586.20
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  AT&T has been the highest spender of lobbying  of any business in the country for at least the last year.

Start time: 1587.24
End time: 1606.57
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  That's not because they think their interests are in the...  That's not because they...  That's because they want what they want,  and what they want is higher profits,  and they don't really care about what goes down.  And T-Mobile...  but T-Mobile has forced other carriers  to step up their game.  It's messy.

Start time: 1608.26
End time: 1647.22
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  That's why I always like having this scrappy little underdog,  the AMD who's keeping Intel honest,  or the T-Mobile who's keeping AT&T honest.  Now, you're going to have to explain this to me.  Verizon is buying  billions of dollars worth of spectrum  from Comcast, Time Warner,  unused spectrum, apparently.  Well, first of all, why do these cable companies  have this spectrum?  What is Verizon going to do with it?  They're paying $3.6 billion  for spectrum licenses from Time Warner,  Comcast, and Bright House Networks.

Start time: 1649.11
End time: 1671.97
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  Well, spectrum is a rare commodity.  There's no question it's valued.  We are out of spectrum.  We've auctioned off the last of the spectrum.  Who knows what the cable companies are planning on doing with it?  Maybe they thought they were going to do wireless internet delivery.  Maybe they thought they were going to start...  So they've never really used it.  I don't think so.

Start time: 1673.40
End time: 1699.34
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  And maybe this is the whole reason,  at least according to this article in CNET  written by Marguerite Reardon  for the AT&T-T-Mobile merger.  T-Mobile, according to Craig Moffat,  an analyst with Sanford Bernstein,  poor T-Mobile.  Verizon just ran off with the last pretty girl  on the bar.  It's a good line. What does it mean?  There's no more spectrum? Are they done?

Start time: 1700.38
End time: 1715.36
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  The cable companies, a bunch of cable companies,  created a consortium to buy this spectrum.  They paid like $2.4 billion for it.  They're selling it for $3.5 billion, $3.6 billion.  So they picked up a billion dollars.  Handsome spectrum.

Start time: 1716.40
End time: 1736.30
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  I think Verizon realized...  I talked to the CTO just maybe eight months ago  and he said, we're in no spectrum crunch at Verizon.  But I think Verizon probably realized  AT&T might not get this deal.  And the next place they're going to look  is to buy a ton of spectrum.  So if we don't get it now,  it's going to be a lot more expensive

Start time: 1737.65
End time: 1746.34
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  in a few months.  Would you use it for LTE for existing technologies  or would you set up something else?  It's another frequency, right?

Start time: 1747.42
End time: 1753.32
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  Verizon said the airwaves would open up access  to 259 million potential customers  for its newest generation 4G LTE service.

Start time: 1754.36
End time: 1762.99
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Would you use that for LTE then?  Presumably.  I'm sorry. I'm just so unclear.  So spectrum is frequency.  It's some frequency.

Start time: 1764.44
End time: 1767.36
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  It's a chunk of bandwidth.  Does anybody ever say what bandwidth this is

Start time: 1768.36
End time: 1768.81
Speaker: UNKNOWN
Transcript:  that they're buying up?

Start time: 1770.36
End time: 1775.34
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  I don't see it anywhere.  Is it high, is it low, is it the 700, is it the...  Verizon is going to get...

Start time: 1776.36
End time: 1806.36
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  The amount is 20 megahertz, which is quite a bit.  That's four TV channels worth.  But it doesn't say where.  The 1700 megahertz band.  Okay.  So this phone doesn't have 1700 megahertz.  So you have to make new phones.  with new frequencies.  That's okay.  That's okay.  That's a tax write-off.  they can rejigger their entire LTE rollout

Start time: 1807.36
End time: 1839.48
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  to use this spectrum instead.  Well, part of the reason they bought T-Mobile  was because it's already a GSM provider.  T-Mobile is already GSM.  That's easy for them to accommodate.  They can push all of their 2G traffic  onto T-Mobile's equipment  and then use AT&T's existing sites for LTE.  It was just an easy transition for them.  Verizon probably saw an opportunity.  They probably saw that this spectrum  that the cable companies hold  would get a lot more expensive  when there are more buyers looking for it.  So they bought it now.

Start time: 1840.48
End time: 1859.07
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Maybe they'll use it for 5G.  Here's another thing.  These companies, Comcast, Time Warner  were partners with Sprint on clear wire.  Sprint's Ymax-based 4G.  Now they're going to pull out a clear wire.  So Sprint's left holding the bag  with this kind of crappy 4G  that didn't work very well.

Start time: 1860.48
End time: 1861.48
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Everybody in Portland says it works fine.

Start time: 1862.48
End time: 1874.33
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  In Portland it works.  You said it was good.  No, I did not.  I thought you did.  Do you have clear wire Sprint's 4G?  Does anybody get it?

Start time: 1875.64
End time: 1899.60
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  I have Sprint's 4G from Sprint, not from clear wire.  Clear wire is about to fold for all intents and purposes.  They're also probably going to end up  in their own class action lawsuit  because people aren't getting the speeds  and they're profoundly pissed off about that.  Sprint's 4G.  They just took unlimited Sprint 4G  so I'm walking away from Sprint  after using them for half a decade.

Start time: 1899.94
End time: 1908.37
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Sprint now will have 110 MHz of spectrum.  AT&T has 90.  That's something I can understand.  That's 20 more.

Start time: 1910.23
End time: 1910.37
Speaker: UNKNOWN
Transcript:  Wow.

Start time: 1911.72
End time: 1912.64
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  We've gotten to the bottom of it.

Start time: 1913.84
End time: 1914.25
Speaker: UNKNOWN
Transcript:  We can go to 11.

Start time: 1915.72
End time: 1918.48
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  This is so complicated.  I've had offers in the past.

Start time: 1919.74
End time: 1921.72
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  Like Sasha Sagan from PCMag.

Start time: 1922.76
End time: 1941.84
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Exactly.  and they go, you guys just don't understand this.  And so we're going to get somebody on  and they can explain to me what the hell is going on.  This week in telecom.  Oh, it'll be fascinating.  All right, something a little more fascinating.  Herman Cain dropped out of the race this week.  Were you following the tweet storms?

Start time: 1942.84
End time: 1947.57
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  He quoted from the Pokemon song.  That I did see.

Start time: 1948.84
End time: 1984.57
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  When you quote from a Pokemon song,  you know you're going to get it from Twitter.  Right?  And I think there were a lot of funny  tweets.  Let's see here.  These are collated from the Mashable collated.  Rumors of extramarital affair and campaign of presidential candidate  who, okay, Herman Cain asks the Secret Service  to stay on a few weeks until credible threats from his wife subside.  President of, these are going too fast.  Wait a minute.  I believe these words came from the Pokemon movie.  Cain said, Pika, Pika, Pika, choo.  Did he say that?

Start time: 1986.23
End time: 1994.96
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  No, no.  He quoted from a part of the song.  That would be funny.  And he said, a great poet once said,  it wasn't like, gotta catch them all,

Start time: 1996.35
End time: 2034.96
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  but it was from the Pokemons.  Just to, Anna Marie Cox who writes for,  or is NPR reporter, not to be outdone,  Rick Perry just put out a press release citing  the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.  The hashtag, by the way, CainRek.  Ouch.  There were quite a few.  It was very active.  Newt Gingrich,  who writes for the Pokemon endorsement,  I may start quoting My Little Pony.  Friendship is magic.  Is that actually his feed?  Yes.  Glenn Fleischman, another journalist.  Cain's campaign is suspended as in the way a brick  when dropped suspends itself in the air.  They used that apparently.

Start time: 2035.96
End time: 2036.96
Speaker: UNKNOWN
Transcript:  We're gonna suspend our campaign.

Start time: 2038.08
End time: 2048.96
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  John Fugelsang,  Herman Cain tells the crowd it's time for,  oh, I can't read this.  Plan B.  And half of America replies, that's what she said.

Start time: 2051.55
End time: 2052.86
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  I don't get it, but I like it.

Start time: 2055.35
End time: 2056.56
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Anyway, the Twitterverse was enjoying.

Start time: 2058.77
End time: 2061.88
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Someone points out that was not Newt's feed.  It was a Newt clone feed.

Start time: 2062.96
End time: 2063.96
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Oh, it was a new clone.

Start time: 2064.96
End time: 2065.96
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Too bad, because that was a good line.

Start time: 2066.96
End time: 2069.96
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  You're not gonna get a good line from Newt.  No, he is a historian.

Start time: 2070.96
End time: 2079.08
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Really, that's not his feed?  It's with someone in the chat room.  The chat room is the...  They are never wrong.  Oh, and I get it now.

Start time: 2080.18
End time: 2100.04
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Plan B is a day after birth control drug.  Now I get it.  New subject.  I wanted a little interpretation, that's all.  All right, enough.  New subject, we'll move on.  Incredible threats from his wife's side.  I like that, I get that.  That's a good one.  Wayne Gretzky, speaking of Twitter,

Start time: 2101.08
End time: 2112.20
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  closes his daughter's Twitter feed.  I don't want to scroll too much farther, it gets naughty.  I clicked, I saw the link.  Twice.  What happened?  Apparently she's posting pictures.

Start time: 2113.47
End time: 2114.20
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Oh, you mean sexting?

Start time: 2117.20
End time: 2117.77
Speaker: SPEAKER_03
Transcript:  Should I look at this?

Start time: 2119.24
End time: 2125.38
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Don't show my...  It's not that bad, it's not sexting.  How old is she?  She's 22.

Start time: 2127.22
End time: 2134.12
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  How can he even shut down her feed?  She's 22?  The Toronto Globe and Mail said the pictures were saucy.

Start time: 2135.24
End time: 2146.63
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  The Toronto Globe and Mail?  Gretzky apparently doesn't want to have the fourth Cardassian daughter.  He's probably right.  How he can shut her feed down is completely inexplicable.  Twice!

Start time: 2149.81
End time: 2151.20
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  All right, well we'll move on to a tech subject.

Start time: 2152.20
End time: 2164.30
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  How about that?  There's a thought.  So the guy at the Motion Picture Association of America says,  we'll fix SOPA so that it's okay.  And you'll like it.

Start time: 2167.70
End time: 2190.32
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  I thought the SOPA thing, I heard the guys on NPR,  the great news hour show,  or not grilling, they weren't grilling anybody,  going on and on about how this was really about  stopping all these counterfeit sites with Rolexes  and killing American jobs  because all these Americans that make Rolexes  are going to be out of work.

Start time: 2191.54
End time: 2199.32
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Well, if you were trying to get SOPA or IPProtect passed,  that's what you would say.  Oh, I'd come up with a boat is a whole complete bull crap.

Start time: 2202.36
End time: 2272.56
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  It was interesting watching the Senate hearing  that was staged for that where it was like  the Chamber of Congress, union representatives,  Hollywood representatives,  and then I think they got like one,  was it Google they chose as the voice against SOPA?  And Google walks in basically buying,  Google assembles a massive consortium of tech companies  that employ tens if not hundreds of thousands of people.  Right, if you want to talk jobs.  Let's talk jobs.  Let's not talk about hypothetical.  It's funny, while this is going on,  we basically have Homeland Security taking websites,  seizing websites from people that are posting links to,  I'm pretty sure it's the Department of Homeland Security  seizing websites for companies that are selling counterfeit goods  or I believe they're also still going after BitTorrent feeds.  And it's kind of funny.  Yeah, I mean, it's like,  it's not that I don't want to protect American industry.  supposed to be doing things like scanning containers  for nuclear devices and helping out with the war on terror  and all that other stuff?

Start time: 2273.56
End time: 2276.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Well, you know what the problem is?  It's the messages.

Start time: 2277.56
End time: 2285.56
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  What you do is you find the agency that has the most power,  money, effectiveness, and the least oversight  and you say, hey, you guys, you could help us.

Start time: 2286.56
End time: 2289.56
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  And that's exactly what they're doing.  And like any government agency,

Start time: 2294.56
End time: 2303.78
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  and they get to grow and grow and grow.  That's the way it works.  saying that pirating movies funds terrorists or something?  Yeah.

Start time: 2305.68
End time: 2307.66
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  I mean, I also, one of the more interesting things that happened...

Start time: 2308.68
End time: 2317.68
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  They may be right, by the way.  I mean, all sorts of...  Or any kind of crime can be used to fund terrorism.  Soap and running casinos.

Start time: 2320.25
End time: 2323.64
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Absolutely. Soap and running doughnut shops?  Fund terrorists. No problem.

Start time: 2325.28
End time: 2328.76
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  The MPAA basically wrote SOPA.  Yes.

Start time: 2330.90
End time: 2334.68
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  I thought it was really about counterfeit Rolexes.  That's weird.

Start time: 2335.68
End time: 2362.68
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  No, it's about motion pictures.  So the MPAA, who wrote it in the first place,  say they will be toning down the bill  and addressing some of the legitimate concerns.  Michael O'Leary is the head of the MPAA,  the Motion Picture Association of America, says,  he has been huddling with politicians from both parties.  I'll bet he has.  That's such a bad image.  The head of the MPAA is huddling...  They talk about the backroom deals.  I'm holding a lot of cash.

Start time: 2363.82
End time: 2364.78
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  That's pretty much what's going on.

Start time: 2365.88
End time: 2443.80
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  I went off on TechZilla a couple, three weeks ago about this  because one of the companies that's hired to flood  torrent hosting sites, basically to do DNS sites,  saw that there were bit torrent hosting being done  in revision3.com.  Shocking.  And there was large video files.  It was blocked.  They nuked our website.  And then we finally tracked someone down  and basically they were like, oops,  and at that point I looked at Jim like,  come on, get the lawyers, get the lawyers,  get the attack lawyers.  He's like, let's just walk away from this hole  we still can.  I remember when that happened.  And these are the people who want to be like,  I want to be able to turn off the DNS hosting  for any website that I'm pissed off at.  Exactly.  Break DNS, black hole DNS listing,  fundamentally breaking the integral heart of the internet,  or at least in terms of HTTP exchanges.  That creeps me out.  They make great movies sometimes.  They make crappy movies sometimes.  They're great at movies.  But man, I do not want them holding a kill switch  on any portion of the internet  and certainly not re-architecting DNS.  I am with you.  And the senators that are backing them

Start time: 2446.80
End time: 2450.16
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  But you know.  It's just a bunch of tubes.  And trucks.

Start time: 2451.94
End time: 2458.88
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  It's just not a big truck.  You re-steer the tube.  So how many of you have Kindle fires?

Start time: 2461.16
End time: 2462.68
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  I reviewed one and gave it back.

Start time: 2464.02
End time: 2468.88
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Really? No interest.  You didn't like it?  I bought one. I like it.

Start time: 2469.92
End time: 2472.78
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  You buy everything.  I liked it too actually.

Start time: 2473.94
End time: 2474.74
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  It fills a sweet spot.

Start time: 2475.92
End time: 2478.92
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  It's in the other room.  Can you bring the Kindle fire out?

Start time: 2479.94
End time: 2494.92
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  I have mine.  Go ahead.  You haven't played with it yet.  They've highly customized Android.  It doesn't feel like Android.  I like it.  It's in the drawer on the left.

Start time: 2496.68
End time: 2510.70
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  A button.  I don't think it matches the iPad in any respect.  But I think there's definitely a market for a tablet  that you could buy two of these  and still have 100 bucks left over for apps and movies.  There you go.

Start time: 2511.96
End time: 2516.61
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  You can play Plants vs. Zombies.  You can play Words with Friends.  AnquiBirds.

Start time: 2517.94
End time: 2528.90
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  This has also given away razors to sell blades.  This is all about creating a portal to Amazon.com.  Although they're not totally locking.

Start time: 2529.92
End time: 2533.86
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  Netflix has an app for this now.  So they're not locking out competitors, which is good.

Start time: 2536.03
End time: 2536.92
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  I can read the New York Times on it.

Start time: 2537.24
End time: 2544.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  I think they're going to sell a ton of these for this holiday season.  Well, they say too that they are.  It's got a herky-jerk quality.

Start time: 2545.04
End time: 2546.02
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  See, that's what people say.

Start time: 2547.06
End time: 2550.02
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  Well, it has a junkie processor.  Where's the herky-jerk?

Start time: 2551.04
End time: 2552.04
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Come on, but herky-jerk, herky-jerk, it's terrible.

Start time: 2554.37
End time: 2562.02
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  I see no herking, nor do I see any jerking.  There's jerking and herking.  Where's the herky-jerk?  Let me play with that.

Start time: 2563.08
End time: 2564.02
Speaker: UNKNOWN
Transcript:  I'd be curious to see if...

Start time: 2565.14
End time: 2569.02
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  What's herky-jerk about this?  Go to the main, go to the home.

Start time: 2570.18
End time: 2571.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  No, well, he's not now.

Start time: 2572.22
End time: 2574.53
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  If I do this...  It's herky-jerky.

Start time: 2576.06
End time: 2578.98
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Come on.  What's herky-jerky?

Start time: 2580.04
End time: 2581.04
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  What John wants you to do is go to the home page.

Start time: 2582.04
End time: 2583.04
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  And then you flip through these things.

Start time: 2584.24
End time: 2584.88
Speaker: SPEAKER_03
Transcript:  This is terrible.

Start time: 2586.04
End time: 2586.28
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Look at it.

Start time: 2588.14
End time: 2593.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  Look at that.  You are a man of superior aesthetics, John.  Apparently this is not the tablet for you.

Start time: 2594.12
End time: 2594.86
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  It slowly pops in.

Start time: 2595.16
End time: 2596.16
Speaker: UNKNOWN
Transcript:  Can you play movies on it?

Start time: 2597.16
End time: 2600.10
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  Yes.  Do they look good?

Start time: 2601.16
End time: 2609.83
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Well, actually the movies are somewhat herky-jerky.  And I don't know if that's a...  The problem is I can't tell if that's a bandwidth thing or if it's...  You, bandwidth?

Start time: 2611.18
End time: 2614.14
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  It's not a bandwidth thing.  I think we have a lot of bandwidth here.

Start time: 2615.16
End time: 2616.16
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  You have so much bandwidth it's ludicrous.

Start time: 2617.20
End time: 2620.10
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  So what do you want to watch?  There's a black helicopter flying around.

Start time: 2621.16
End time: 2646.28
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  So if you're a prime member, which I am, these are all free, which is nice.  Here, let's watch a little family.  Actually, that's not good because it's not...  Let me... I'm sorry.  No porn.  Let's not do animated.  Let's do something with video.  Action.  I just watched this.  Good documentary.  Dr. Bronner's Magic Soap.  I love Dr. Bronner's soap.  Don't you? Everybody loves Dr. Bronner.

Start time: 2647.36
End time: 2650.26
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Here he is with his wife, Mrs. Bronner.  That's not a very action-packed scene.

Start time: 2651.38
End time: 2656.28
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  It's moving nice and smoothly.  It's a documentary.  Look how smooth that is.

Start time: 2657.36
End time: 2657.81
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  I'll jump ahead.

Start time: 2659.69
End time: 2664.26
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Maybe there's more.  There's nothing more.  This is a documentary.

Start time: 2665.28
End time: 2676.28
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  There's another good test to the processor.  You want an action movie, right?  See, this doesn't feel... This feels pretty snappy.  This is all jumping around.  You want an action movie?  Let's see here.

Start time: 2678.14
End time: 2678.20
Speaker: UNKNOWN
Transcript:  Top 10.

Start time: 2679.28
End time: 2688.16
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  In the name of the father with...  What's his name?  Daniel Day Lewis.  That's Irish terrorists, right?

Start time: 2689.40
End time: 2698.91
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Yeah, get to the gun-shooting scene.  This is good.  Maybe it's a little herky.  It's terrible.  Oh, my God.

Start time: 2700.32
End time: 2703.28
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  I don't know if that's the bandwidth.  I think that might be the processor.

Start time: 2704.52
End time: 2709.24
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  I think it probably is.  But it's really not that big of a deal.  I think people are willing...

Start time: 2710.59
End time: 2711.18
Speaker: UNKNOWN
Transcript:  If you don't give a crap.

Start time: 2711.62
End time: 2718.40
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  For $200, I think a lot don't.  I do know a lot of parents that are getting this...  It's black now.  A lot of parents are getting this for their kids.

Start time: 2720.13
End time: 2723.22
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  I thought you moved in, then you came up.  I was thinking, you're in the movie?

Start time: 2724.40
End time: 2731.40
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  I mean, this is usable.  I love the form factor.  I think that's good.

Start time: 2732.40
End time: 2735.36
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  I'd rather have my laptop.  Look at the difference in screen size.

Start time: 2738.40
End time: 2744.46
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  If you think about it, John,  all you got to do is hold like this.  And then it's widescreen.  So really, it's just how close it is.

Start time: 2745.54
End time: 2752.32
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  This is starting to sound like the advertisements for the little glasses that contain...  The equivalent to a 77-inch LCD flat panel inside the glasses.

Start time: 2754.02
End time: 2758.52
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  I don't know why, but I feel some affinity for this.  I feel like I want to defend it.

Start time: 2759.52
End time: 2764.52
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  It's basically a simple, easy-to-navigate user face.  It's because you hate Apple.

Start time: 2765.52
End time: 2773.83
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  I don't hate Apple.  I have an iPad.  It's stuck in my butt right here.  Look, I show you.

Start time: 2775.66
End time: 2803.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  There's $2,000 worth of Apple hardware within 18 inches of the man that belongs to him.  I think it's safe to say, even if he hates Apple,  it's a complicated relationship, and they're getting his money.  But the thing is, this is the gateway.  They're going to release one for $250.  They'll sell a ton of them, and within two years,  they'll have a $99 version.  And then there'll be one that you basically get  In 50 years from now, it's going to be a jack in the back of your neck.

Start time: 2804.52
End time: 2809.48
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Look how fast Amazon iterated the original Kindle.  and now they're really quite slick.

Start time: 2811.55
End time: 2844.64
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  I mean, the problem is, when Amazon dropped the Kindle,  it was a pretty revolutionary piece of hardware,  not because other people weren't using E Ink,  but because they had kind of a super easy,  well-thought-out system for getting books into people's hands.  It was kind of like the iPod for books.  It was clever.  I handed it to her before we took this seven-day road trip.  She's like, e-book.  And seven days later, she'd read three novels on it,  two of which she downloaded in literally the middle of nowhere  in Nevada and Utah.  And she was like, this is amazing.  And she's getting her blog feeds on it.

Start time: 2845.64
End time: 2860.60
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  She's super excited.  Let me ask you this.  which is called the Nook tablet.  It's double the RAM.  It's faster, and it doesn't have that hesitation.  But if you were to buy Barnes & Noble,  would you buy that or this?

Start time: 2861.64
End time: 2877.10
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  I would get this.  It has the movie store, and it's more of the complete package.  Right.  Even the $500 Android tablets don't have some of the great  movie store and TV streaming services and bookstore,

Start time: 2878.64
End time: 2900.74
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  all of that built in.  Now, have you played, Patrick, with the Amazon,  I'm sorry, the Asus Transformer?  I have not.  It's quite beautiful.  Now, that's an Android tablet that has a dock.  It goes on a keyboard.  I don't think Android's ready, really, to be honest with you.  Lenovo has something fairly simple.  The only Android tablet I would use, to be honest.

Start time: 2902.17
End time: 2904.25
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  What is that?  Oh, that's it.

Start time: 2910.25
End time: 2910.58
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Yeah, look.

Start time: 2912.27
End time: 2920.37
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  It's terrible.  is this.  Nobody does that!  Son of a bitch!

Start time: 2921.78
End time: 2926.72
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  I can't do that!  Actually, some researchers...  I just do it one way.

Start time: 2927.76
End time: 2928.76
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Look, it still stutters.

Start time: 2929.84
End time: 2932.76
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  Yeah, but you flip the...  Do you read the page while you're turning it?

Start time: 2933.88
End time: 2933.98
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Yes.

Start time: 2935.76
End time: 2936.76
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Here, give him the hammer.

Start time: 2937.76
End time: 2942.76
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  No, it's this guy's machine.  I know, I was trying to scare him.  I'll give it back to him.

Start time: 2943.76
End time: 2964.76
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Put that back there.  I'll ask you this.  I think we'd all agree that the iPad is the...  If price were no object, that's the one to get.  Definitely.  But price is an object.  We can't eliminate that from the equation.  And I think that for some people, this is a better choice than the iPad  because it's 7 inches and...

Start time: 2966.44
End time: 2976.37
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  Well, I wrote in my review, the iPad's tagline is a magical and revolutionary product  at an unbelievable price.  The last qualifier is going to need to be removed.  I'm going to say it.

Start time: 2977.76
End time: 2978.27
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  They're pushing it up to $1,200.

Start time: 2979.76
End time: 2989.27
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Do remember, though, that we all...  On January 2010, when they announced the iPad,  we all predicted it to be $1,000, $800.  I was shocked.  I'm sure everybody was.

Start time: 2990.82
End time: 3020.82
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  But it's been almost two years now.  Yeah, it's not the same.  No, I can't imagine them doing that.  Why should they?  Because at some point, it becomes a battle...  than over music and movie and content distribution.  I was talking...  Because Google's got the capacity.  It's interesting to watch what may or may not be rolling out at Google  in kind of the back in terms of what they're doing with movie distribution

Start time: 3021.96
End time: 3030.86
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  and other forms of content.  I agree.  It understands hardware very well.  And I don't know if going forward,

Start time: 3035.92
End time: 3036.88
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  Apple doesn't understand cloud.

Start time: 3037.88
End time: 3040.88
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Google understands it very well.  Look at mobile me and look at iCloud.

Start time: 3041.96
End time: 3047.43
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  iCloud's done okay, I think.  I mean, they signed up 20 million people in less than a week  and it's stayed up.

Start time: 3048.88
End time: 3049.21
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  It's not bad.

Start time: 3050.88
End time: 3059.84
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  It's kind of opaque what it does, how to use it.  A better example of Apple fail at social media or cloud would be ping.  What was the point of ping?

Start time: 3060.88
End time: 3062.55
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  And find my friends they've done nothing with.  Find my friends.

Start time: 3064.00
End time: 3092.81
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  And you know, barely mentioned it in the keynote.  I think that Steve Jobs, I've said this before,  but I think Steve Jobs' real talent was physical.  It was goods.  He was brilliant at that.  And I think that he didn't really understand cloud and internet as well.  And as a result, Apple doesn't have that kind of knowledge.  They can acquire it.  In fact, they're trying to hire executives for their cloud initiative.  if they want to...  I don't think it's low end.

Start time: 3094.14
End time: 3105.12
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  I think they've got to know cloud.  in the next 18 to 36 months  as the major ISPs are starting to shove lower and lower caps  on home internet usage.

Start time: 3106.28
End time: 3109.02
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  That's another issue.  I think in the long run, that's going to lose.

Start time: 3110.18
End time: 3122.22
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  That bothers me a lot more whether it's Amazon or Apple  or Google as a source of content.  It's much more irritating to me that the carriers seem to be able  to pretty much shove through...  The ISPs pretty much seem to be able to shove through whatever caps they want.

Start time: 3125.24
End time: 3151.34
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Because all of the stuff, including the stuff we do today here,  require bandwidth and more and more bandwidth.  It's not going to be less and less bandwidth.  wait a minute, you can't cut back on our bandwidth.  And that is, I think that's a big fight that's still to come.  There's actually... I'm going to see if I can find the article.  Because John and I have had this battle before.  My essential position is that bits are basically free.  Remember that battle we had?

Start time: 3152.36
End time: 3159.09
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Oh yeah, as far as you're concerned,  it doesn't cost anything to do any of this.  It's all free.  Here's a great article.

Start time: 3160.44
End time: 3252.46
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Essentially.  Here's a great article from ours, Technica, Nate Anderson.  He's quoting a researcher named Benowitz.  What is his name? I'm going to find his name.  It's his position that in fact, data consumption...  It's Benowitz Felton,  Chief Research Officer at Diffraction Analysis.  Data consumption is at best a poor proxy for bandwidth usage.  Now this is not intuitive,  so you'll forgive me if that may sound like a confusing thing.  What he did is he asked internet service providers  to provide him with raw data so that he could test his thesis.  Finally, a mid-sized American DSL provider  gave him fine-grade detail over the course of a single day,  5,000 users, they broke that down,  analyzed it, and essentially came up with the solution  that controlling real-time congestion  by going after high data monthly users is ineffective.  Going after the quote bandwidth hogs is not how you solve  congestion.  Data caps, he says, are a very crude and unfair tool  when it comes to targeting potentially disruptive users.  The correlation between real-time...  This is why these caps are bad.  The correlation between real-time bandwidth usage  and data downloaded over time is weak.  In other words, just because you're using a lot of bandwidth  doesn't mean you're using a lot of data.

Start time: 3253.56
End time: 3255.96
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  I could be using 20 kilobits per second, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week.

Start time: 3257.48
End time: 3260.60
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  And suck a huge amount of data even though your bandwidth is not very high.  I had an interesting conversation.

Start time: 3261.94
End time: 3269.60
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Sorry, but I never thought bandwidth and data...  I don't think that was the basic argument that we were having.  We were having a data argument, not a bandwidth argument.

Start time: 3270.64
End time: 3271.60
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  Well, right now the restriction is bandwidth.

Start time: 3272.60
End time: 3295.56
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  So you've got a big bandwidth.  Okay, so I've got 200 down and 100 up,  and I'm sitting there doing email.  I'm not using anything.  Which is exactly what AT&T wants.  They want you to pay for 200.  I don't care about that.  It's like if I'm downloading movie after movie after movie 24-7  and I'm using even the lesser connection,  that seems to be the problem.  The issue is not excessive use, it's when you're using it.

Start time: 3296.64
End time: 3316.56
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  If I'm using 4 megabits downloading a movie  along with everybody else in my neighborhood at 8 o'clock at night...  That's the problem.  I may only be going through like 100 gigabytes of data,  but I could do a lot more damage overall to bandwidth capacity  than somebody who's basically downloading in the background.  So cable operators already throttle that.

Start time: 3316.72
End time: 3318.72
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  I mean at peak times you'll get slower.

Start time: 3319.72
End time: 3342.45
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Which means everybody gets sucky performance  and we can't watch Netflix.  They're going after the 250 gigabyte plus users.  Even though those guys may not,  in fact according to this data, are not impacting congestion.  They're doing it in the morning.  Think about it, if you're one of these guys...  In the morning?  Yeah, if you're downloading a lot of data...  He got it!

Start time: 3343.82
End time: 3345.82
Speaker: SPEAKER_01
Transcript:  Yeah, that's the problem.  That's a no agenda listener.

Start time: 3347.02
End time: 3352.74
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  He's also, by the way, the same guy who plays Skyrim 8 hours a day.  There's your audience.

Start time: 3353.96
End time: 3355.31
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  But I think this is important

Start time: 3356.84
End time: 3363.84
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  because they're going after these big bandwidth hogs.  Bandwidth hogs are smart enough to use it in off hours  because they want fast downloads.

Start time: 3364.84
End time: 3391.96
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  But part of what's interesting,  DSLreports.com, one of the things they point out  is that the Bloomberg article that was the source of this,  watching Netflix could lead to higher cable bills,  is basically quoting one Wall Street analyst.  you know what, it's time to lower those data caps  and get more over its charges  because that works for credit card companies.  It works for cell phone companies  and it'll work for cable companies.  You'll get more money without having to deliver  any more services to the customer.

Start time: 3394.96
End time: 3395.96
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  but what's your point?

Start time: 3396.96
End time: 3407.96
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  My point is that the cable companies  aren't really interested in congestion.  They're really interested in being anti-competitive.  They don't like it.  What are you giving them?

Start time: 3409.10
End time: 3410.08
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Of course, they're always anti-competitive.

Start time: 3411.08
End time: 3421.84
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  But they're using bandwidth caps  as a way to fight companies like Netflix.  Really what they don't want  is they don't want you watching movies  on your internet stream.  They want you to pay for HBO.

Start time: 3423.12
End time: 3426.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  Of course.  I don't want the other 127 channels.

Start time: 3427.08
End time: 3430.06
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  I actually like the way the big dishes have it  where you can buy by the hour.

Start time: 3431.08
End time: 3443.98
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  I guess my only point is that  we really don't get the internet we deserve in this country.  There are plenty of places  where you get much better internet quality  for much less cost.

Start time: 3445.08
End time: 3448.08
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  Although our mobile networks tend to be better.  Our mobile networks are faster.

Start time: 3449.08
End time: 3460.02
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Is that true?  I wonder if that's from lack of use  that we aren't yet as saturated with.  I'm sure in Japan per user they use more.  No?  You don't think so?

Start time: 3461.08
End time: 3470.08
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  Our network tends to be pretty competitive  because a lot of people  we're one of the highest rates  of smartphone adoption  and we're just using a lot.

Start time: 3471.22
End time: 3473.81
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  So back to the point.  What is the point?

Start time: 3475.08
End time: 3485.08
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  I think we've got a big push come to shove coming here  because users want not only no bandwidth caps  because bandwidth caps are really ridiculous.

Start time: 3486.08
End time: 3490.18
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  We want all the bandwidth.  We want unlimited data  and it's possible.

Start time: 3491.26
End time: 3494.20
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Are you talking about just mobile?  I'm talking about terrestrial.

Start time: 3495.20
End time: 3496.20
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Mobile is another problem entirely.

Start time: 3497.22
End time: 3500.20
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  So it's not unlimited data.  Mobile is a much more constrained resource.

Start time: 3501.20
End time: 3523.73
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  That was Google's point.  The head ends to the cell sites are one and a half megabits  That's a much more constrained resource.  in terrestrial and land-based internet.  It's artificially constrained  and we just don't want us using it that way.  There's plenty of bandwidth.  Bits are cheap.

Start time: 3527.20
End time: 3530.20
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  as the main...  They don't want it, but that's the way it is.

Start time: 3531.20
End time: 3544.04
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  That's my point.  They're going kicking and screaming.  They're using bandwidth hogs as a straw man.  What the real issue is  They want us to use the internet to shop at Amazon.

Start time: 3545.22
End time: 3560.85
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  The Bloomberg article basically quotes Craig Moffitt  and the agency Bernstein and Company.  You know, COX communications, charter or time order,  cable may be first to charge web access to customers  for the amount of data they consume, not just transmission speed.  Right. That's coming.

Start time: 3562.20
End time: 3570.20
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  We're going to have tiers, absolutely.  Which is what they do on the cell phone, right?  Essentially it's per bit.  You get five gigabytes, you go more than that.

Start time: 3571.24
End time: 3572.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  We're going to pay per gigabyte.

Start time: 3577.24
End time: 3580.20
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  And that's my biggest fear.  I mean, the bill, the electrical bill, the utility.

Start time: 3581.20
End time: 3588.20
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  But water is a limited resource.  Bits are not. Bits are infinite.  The infrastructure is the only cost.

Start time: 3589.40
End time: 3597.12
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  This is the argument you and I always have.  The water can rains, it goes into the bucket, it goes back into the...  You don't have to.

Start time: 3598.20
End time: 3615.16
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  You grew up with hatch hatchy water.  Go to a part of the country that didn't.  I don't care about the water.  Yeah, but water here is different.  Water goes into the house that you...  Goes down and it goes back into the sky, comes back as a circle.  So what you're saying is government should do water delivery.  I know I think either...

Start time: 3616.34
End time: 3617.30
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  By his logic, water should be free.

Start time: 3618.32
End time: 3625.02
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Actually, government should do internet delivery.  What should happen is the municipalities should provide the transport.

Start time: 3628.27
End time: 3635.32
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  Philadelphia did that, Verizon got pissed off and shoved through legislature.  Exactly.  They shut down municipal Wi-Fi for that reason.

Start time: 3635.46
End time: 3648.44
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Because they don't want the competition.  At the state legislature level.  When they didn't even want to wire Philadelphia.  We want competition and I think that these guys are using straw men to basically be anti-competitive.  Not because there's a real issue with congestion.

Start time: 3649.78
End time: 3652.44
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  Maybe this is the opportunity for Google to become the world's largest ISP.

Start time: 3653.44
End time: 3658.93
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Water is free, somebody says.  Greg, water is free, it just costs to get it.  Same with bits.

Start time: 3660.64
End time: 3662.08
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  No, nobody's producing the bits.

Start time: 3663.44
End time: 3668.44
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  You don't get the bits by going outside.  You're saying, come on, bits, come on over.  They do, that's exactly what happens.

Start time: 3669.44
End time: 3676.44
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  They go like this.  What you're doing is you build the infrastructure, it's a capital expenditure, it's one time only,  there's some maintenance cost, it is not...

Start time: 3677.48
End time: 3678.32
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  It's one time only, but...

Start time: 3679.46
End time: 3855.57
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  No, water has to be made.  Do you think they just get it from the sky?  It grows on trees, ladies and gentlemen.  This edition of TWIT is turning into like a Bill Maher show.  That's what somebody said.  This edition of TWIT is brought to you by Ford and the great Ford Sink.  I parked my Mustang out there.  But I promise you, when I get the focus, because I got on the list, they're all leaving.  Go ahead, you can go too, Mark.  Just take a walk, go ahead.  No, I'm fine.  All right, any three of you, come sit down.  You, you, and you.  All right.  And I won't feel so lonely.  Do you like Ford?  I love Ford.  I drove a Camaro here.  I don't want to talk to you.  My first car was a Ford.  What kind of Ford was it?  It was a Ford Escort.  You ought to see what they have done.  Screw these other guys.  The 2012 Focus, amazing.  And I want to show you the Ford SYNC and the MyFord Touch.  You can, now I got to warn you, you can play videos or display photos on this beautiful screen.  From your, right from the digital camera or your portable game device.  But you can only do it when it's in park.  I don't want you to do it when it's driving.  You can say what song to play, what genre, what track.  You can say play, twit, you know, and it will automatically find it.  If you've got your smartphone, it has Pandora, Stitcher, Slacker radio.  It's amazing.  And now with the SYNC with MyFord Touch and the HD radio,  if you like the song, you're listening to a radio station and HD radio,  sounds beautiful, say I like this song,  you can actually tag it and then go back when you get home, buy it on iTunes.  It's things like this that just really are state of the art.  I like the Camaro.  You can't, there's no GPS.  Is it a rental Camaro?  Oh, well that's this.  It's a convertible.  Next time, Mustang, I'm telling you, Ford.com slash technology.  You go to that website, you can find out a whole lot more about it.  Camaro's a nice car, but it doesn't have SYNC.  You know, it's funny, I think in many ways SYNC sells cars.  SYNC and MyFord Touch sells cars.  Ford.com slash technology, there's the website.  Take a look at it, get to know what they've got,  and then drive one at a Ford dealer today.  Lisa.  Yeah.  Where are you guys from?  San Francisco.  Oh, that's great.  Well, it's nice to have you.  Thanks.  So you were saying, what's your husband's name?  Glenn.  Absolutely.

Start time: 3856.96
End time: 3857.92
Speaker: UNKNOWN
Transcript:  Yeah, I think that's a good deal.

Start time: 3858.92
End time: 3885.02
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  That's fair.  I get some Lisa time.  My Lydia died right away.  Has your Lydia survived?  You know why?  Because you keep making potions and crap.  You've got to get out there and fight.  And what's your name, sir?  Michael.  Michael, you're from Edmonton.  Yes.  And what does this say?  This says...  Bikram Yoga, that's a great tattoo.

Start time: 3886.04
End time: 3886.73
Speaker: SPEAKER_00
Transcript:  In the Mission.

Start time: 3888.22
End time: 3888.77
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  In the Mission.

Start time: 3890.06
End time: 3890.75
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  Mission San Francisco?

Start time: 3892.04
End time: 3903.04
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Yeah, like degrees Celsius.  Wow.  And 40% humidity.  And then you, sir, your name?  I'm Jason.  And where are you from?

Start time: 3904.14
End time: 3904.82
Speaker: UNKNOWN
Transcript:  San Francisco.

Start time: 3906.20
End time: 3936.16
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  That's great.  And why do you have a bandaid on your forehead?  Did you fall when you got here?  No, I won't pry.  If you don't want to talk about the bandaid.  Last night of Movember.  Movember, you shaved and you grew your mustache?  Did you do Movember?  Awareness.  Awesome.  That's great.  Well, congratulations.  But did you shave it off right away?  Actually today.  When kept his, by the way.  Lisa, you want him to shave his mustache?

Start time: 3937.16
End time: 3937.49
Speaker: SPEAKER_01
Transcript:  No, I like it.

Start time: 3939.18
End time: 3948.14
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  But the problem is Movember, he can't grow it.  He missed out on Movember.  Anyway, great to meet all of you.  Thank you for being here.  All right, I think our hosts are back.

Start time: 3949.43
End time: 3961.22
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  Thank you.  I think the best Yelp reveal I ever read was somebody was like,  I went to this Beak Rim Yoga and it was hot and they had a wool carpet.  I mean, how can you do yoga on these?  Why would they do that?  It's freaking copyrighted.

Start time: 3962.28
End time: 3964.42
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  So you can have a big party back there.  What?

Start time: 3966.55
End time: 3970.52
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  What?  What? There's stuff going on back there?  Yeah.

Start time: 3974.28
End time: 3982.40
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  There's booze?  They have, you have all the Lagunitas and the people who have not had Lagunitas ale should make sure to check it out.  Because it's one of the best beers in the world.

Start time: 3983.40
End time: 4006.40
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  What's the story, Chad? Is that for later?  Yeah, there's, we have catered food for later.  I thought it was Twizzlers and popcorn.  No, no, no.  Oh, I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to disappoint you.  They thought that's all they were getting.  So we're going to feed them.  Yeah, it's really nice.  That's nice of them.  Thanks to Lin Fu for working really hard on it.  And the local folks?

Start time: 4007.52
End time: 4009.18
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Just going to end up with more people showing up just to eat.

Start time: 4010.40
End time: 4013.36
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  That's awesome. I had no idea.  Well, please after the show if you want to eat.

Start time: 4014.40
End time: 4015.20
Speaker: SPEAKER_01
Transcript:  Well, thanks, Leo.

Start time: 4019.19
End time: 4020.40
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  I had checked some of the wines out.

Start time: 4021.40
End time: 4022.40
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Did you have some Lagunitas? What is that?

Start time: 4023.40
End time: 4030.38
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  This is the seasoned, the special brew for the Christmas thing.  Is it good?  You know what we drink most of the time?

Start time: 4031.40
End time: 4050.40
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  It's not as good as the real deal.  That's a good one.  Spotify has created a platform.  I think this is kind of interesting.  I immediately installed the Spotify stuff.  Third party apps.  People will be also able to include Spotify in their app.

Start time: 4051.69
End time: 4052.22
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  What do you think?

Start time: 4053.40
End time: 4078.38
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  It's not available yet, is it?  Yeah.  Well, there's a beta.  So if you download the Spotify app beta,  You can install, I'll give you a good example,  and you can see the iTunes.  We'll do the lyrics as you play the song,  and it syncs the lyrics.  So it's almost like karaoke.  I think it's just great.  Is Spotify going to be the dominant music platform going forward?

Start time: 4079.40
End time: 4079.81
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  Is iTunes his great?

Start time: 4081.40
End time: 4087.83
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  I just hear Timmy in the back and go, yes.  Really?  You agree?  I see, I love it.

Start time: 4089.42
End time: 4104.40
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  And then I see these people in the front say no,  Sorry, I want a copy of my music.  I want the best quality.  I love Pandora and stuff like that.  I do with a lossless copy that's off of a hard drive.

Start time: 4105.40
End time: 4106.30
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  I think that what's changed,

Start time: 4107.60
End time: 4108.40
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  and I think that you could...

Start time: 4109.44
End time: 4112.38
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  What do you save as, WAV files?  No, he probably uses Flac or...

Start time: 4115.40
End time: 4131.19
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  An uncompressed or a lossless compression.  So it would be my guess that people will start to say  this is the end of music,  that what's happened is music is disposable.  So it started with an album...  It's like Bits.  Yes, like Bits.  It is Bits.

Start time: 4132.52
End time: 4137.48
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  It's not like Bits, it is Bits.  Daniel Ek, yeah, here we go.

Start time: 4138.52
End time: 4165.52
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  And we're going to interview him at LeWeb,  there was a time you'd get the album,  there was this tangible media,  you held it in your hands.  Some of us still buy albums, I know I'm a dinosaur.  No, no, no, it's changing.  It's going to stay that way.  But it's certainly much less prevalent.  Although we were talking about this last week  and somebody told me CDs are still the bestselling format for music,  way beyond digital.  I don't believe it, but that's what they told me.

Start time: 4166.64
End time: 4169.46
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Everybody like you says that.  I don't believe that.

Start time: 4170.52
End time: 4181.62
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  I've also had people, serious people,  serious technology analysts be like,  I just don't see a difference between streaming Netflix and a Blu-ray.  And it's like, well, obviously, yeah.  Yeah, that is funny.

Start time: 4182.66
End time: 4183.09
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  It's worth a laugh.

Start time: 4184.64
End time: 4185.64
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  But most people don't.

Start time: 4186.64
End time: 4188.60
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  I do, I understand, but I'm content with streaming Netflix.

Start time: 4189.72
End time: 4197.62
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  I'm always wondering if they're either fooling themselves  or they're full of crap.  They're content, it doesn't matter.  So this is the old ad to Osborne,

Start time: 4198.64
End time: 4232.76
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  that adequacy is sufficient.  And I'm saying the same thing.  We went from tangible physical discs,  where an artist would create an entity that was,  Sergeant Pepper was 10 cuts that all went together.  Steve Jobs completely broke that model  He didn't break that model.  The 45 RPM record was.  but now people...  During the 50s and 60s, it was all singles.  I suspect people will buy fewer and fewer albums  and will just buy singles.  And it was, before then, during the 78 era,  it was nothing but singles.  All right, okay, you're right, never mind.

Start time: 4234.07
End time: 4243.88
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  And the gramophone,  I still have one of those,  you crank it and you got to...  Do you have 78?  But there's no reason...  I do have a Thorin's turntable that does that.

Start time: 4245.06
End time: 4247.82
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Do you?  I think it's the commoditization of music.

Start time: 4248.88
End time: 4255.88
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  Music has become fungible.  Music has been a commodity  ever since record companies.  Fungible, that's the word of the day.

Start time: 4258.88
End time: 4263.15
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  By fungible, I mean interchangeable, commoditized.  Today's pop hit is evanescent.  Oh, please.

Start time: 4264.90
End time: 4265.88
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  I think you got fungible wrong.

Start time: 4267.15
End time: 4287.88
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Did I get fungible wrong?  I might have, because I always misuse fungible.  I just like saying it.  It's like the runcible spoon.  It's the property of a good or commodity  such as crude oil, wheat, precious metals.  In other words, one pop song is much like another.  They're fungible.  I think I used it perfectly, actually.

Start time: 4289.04
End time: 4301.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  Brother.  But no, that's my point, is this garbage.  People said Sinatra was garbage.  Oh, man.  People tried to rip the canvases off the wall.  Was it the first?  Oh, God, I can't think of the painter's name.

Start time: 4304.06
End time: 4318.80
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  as you do and as maybe I do, as something very, as art,  as a unique, wonderful creation.  But I think services like Spotify basically say,  all you can eat for 10 bucks, it's all the same.  And you don't need it.  Next month, get another set.

Start time: 4320.00
End time: 4321.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  It's a buffet of greasy food.

Start time: 4322.29
End time: 4331.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  They do that for TV.  That's how the cable model works.  It's not what's on...  Yeah, lost on ABC versus on another network.  It's just a different model.

Start time: 4332.00
End time: 4388.22
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  Well, in some ways it is, in some ways it isn't.  So why do you want to own it?  I want to own it because I don't want to...  I went to watch a movie the other day on iTunes  and it's not on iTunes anymore.  And it's not on Netflix.  So it might go away.  It might go away.  away from ServiceX or ServiceZ.  That's a good reason.  Own it because it might go away.  It's not a whole capacity.  It's one thing to listen to a highly compressed pop song,  whether it's...  Mailer or Chopin gets a little ugly when you compress the hell out of it.  You take a Beach Boys single and it's just...  I want the purest example of it I can get, at least in a digital format.  And I'm going to hoard it away in a closet so that when I'm 70  and I want to listen to Black Flag's Depression  because I'm pissed off at the world or I'm in continent  or whatever the issue is, I can listen to my angry music.

Start time: 4389.34
End time: 4393.97
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  So do you think that you are nuts?  No.

Start time: 4395.28
End time: 4402.24
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  What's your relationship to music?  You have a basement full of wine.  I don't have wine. I've got a basement full of CDs.  And so I'm wondering how common this is.

Start time: 4403.26
End time: 4426.87
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  I've got plenty of music.  I think the sound quality argument is an outlier,  but the idea that the music,  that they may get in a fight with Warner  and then Warner will pull their entire catwalk  and they'll have to do the whole thing.  And so I think that's a reality.  I also don't think I buy an album per month.  So why would I spend $10 a month?  Oh, you don't?  Maybe eight albums a year.

Start time: 4428.24
End time: 4431.14
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  How many albums do you own total?  Do you consider yourself a music person?

Start time: 4432.24
End time: 4437.24
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  So Spotify is a bad deal for you.  because it's roughly $10 a month.

Start time: 4438.36
End time: 4448.01
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  Yeah, I think so.  I don't know.  and all of a sudden they're like,  oh my God, this is amazing.

Start time: 4451.36
End time: 4452.36
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  I actually did that when I discovered Napster,

Start time: 4453.79
End time: 4454.34
Speaker: SPEAKER_03
Transcript:  but same idea.

Start time: 4455.81
End time: 4456.26
Speaker: UNKNOWN
Transcript:  Sort of.

Start time: 4457.38
End time: 4467.99
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  I was the only guy on the screensavers  that didn't download everything from Napster.  10 gigabytes, baby.  You missed out.  No, actually most of it sounded like Aspen.  It was the golden age.

Start time: 4469.36
End time: 4486.36
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  It was 128K.  It goes away.  And I was right.  So I'm just wondering.  Back it up, baby.  I don't know.  I feel like Spotify is more the future than iTunes is.

Start time: 4489.36
End time: 4546.52
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  Well, I don't know.  Whether or not people want to own it,  the biggest complication in the future of music is the major recording companies,  whether it's Warner Brothers or Sony.  And their history.  They're not?  They may be dinosaurs on the down curve,  but there's still a lot of people making music  who don't want to deal with distribution and promotion.  So you find a kid.  You find a kid who does it, doesn't it?  Yeah, but there's a lot of people who want...  It's so funny.  Who's the guy, the lyricist for the Grateful Dead?  Barlow.  I think it was Barlow.  But I believe it was him who was like,  smash the record companies.  It's like, well, sure, smash the record companies.  You've got freaking zillions in the bank.  You're done.  You made your money.  Why not smash the record companies?  It's easy to be like, smash the record companies  when you're the Rolling Stones  and you've got a billion dollars in annuities  and half of London in your trust fund.

Start time: 4547.62
End time: 4548.60
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  On the other hand, you could make the argument

Start time: 4553.60
End time: 4575.56
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  It's interesting to look at.  There's a lot of people,  whether it's a punk artist or classical artists  who never expected to make much money  and never expected a record deal  and they're perfectly happy  and make all their money off of touring.  There's a lot of companies like the Mike Watt quote,  well, the albums were always kind of a flyer  to get people to the shows  because they make money off the shows.

Start time: 4576.97
End time: 4581.13
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  That's never going to change.  I'll tell you one thing nobody wants to buy.  Yahoo.

Start time: 4582.76
End time: 4583.60
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  Great transition.

Start time: 4584.64
End time: 4588.66
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  There's the segue of the day.  I want that into the end of year collection.  That was the best segue of 2011.

Start time: 4589.72
End time: 4592.56
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  So now they're trying to put together a pipe,  a private investment in public equity

Start time: 4593.76
End time: 4662.72
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  so that if it's below 20%,  Yahoo can avoid a shareholder vote on this.  So Silver Lake actually does,  which is an investment firm,  has offered $16.50 a share for Yahoo.  TPG Capital, another investment firm,  has offered $16.50 a share for Yahoo.  TPG Capital, another investment firm,  has offered $16.50 a share for Yahoo.  TPG Capital, another investment firm,  has offered $16.50 a share for Yahoo.  TPG Capital, another investment firm,  $17.50 a share.  And they would buy 20% of Yahoo,  raise a little cash I guess.  Is that why Yahoo is doing this?  I'm sure Microsoft would be part of this.  And part of the reason Microsoft wants to keep this around  is because of Bing.  And they're kind of like the last Bing customer, Yahoo.  One of the...  The last and first.  Yeah.  Under the plan from Silver Lake,  three board seats on Yahoo,  as well as another one for a CEO of its choosing.  Another seat will go to Yahoo co-founder,  current board member Jerry Yang.  There'll be six independent board members.  One of the board members would be Mark Andreessen.

Start time: 4664.69
End time: 4668.62
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  There was a report that they wanted him to run it.  Maybe even run it.

Start time: 4670.07
End time: 4676.72
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Right.  What is going on?  Or am I wrong?

Start time: 4677.72
End time: 4681.72
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  Yahoo's got a terrible reputation.  But they have a great portfolio of products.

Start time: 4682.72
End time: 4695.25
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  I had a good column in MarketWatch last Friday.  You should all read it.  Does it have anything to do with Yahoo?  No, actually it was in PC Magazine.  One of the two.  What's it about?  Yahoo.

Start time: 4698.72
End time: 4701.70
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Very topical.  I just thought I'd throw that in there.

Start time: 4702.72
End time: 4710.74
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  What was your point of view in the article?  It's got a lot of things that can happen to it.  It can be busted up, it could be chopped up, it could be reorged.  It has a lot of problems.

Start time: 4711.98
End time: 4724.82
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  Is this the Google goes Yahoo column?  I feel like I've been Rickrolled.  Is that the name of it?  Well, Walter Winchell, ladies and gentlemen.  Gosh, he's in the name.

Start time: 4725.84
End time: 4726.70
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  What's the date on it?

Start time: 4728.06
End time: 4730.82
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  November 28, 2011.  Date line, November 28.

Start time: 4731.84
End time: 4738.32
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  No, this is an older one.  It's saying Yahoo.  Here are some tactics potential buyers could try to manage the mess that is Yahoo.

Start time: 4739.84
End time: 4742.82
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  I guess that's my opinion.  Is it a management issue?

Start time: 4743.84
End time: 4750.80
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  That's what everybody says.  Everybody says that.  Nobody knows who reports to who.

Start time: 4752.13
End time: 4757.54
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  It's a mess.  Not you, Marc Andreis and somebody.

Start time: 4758.84
End time: 4759.35
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Is it fixable?

Start time: 4761.96
End time: 4771.37
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  Nobody thought AOL was fixable in the late 90s.  Has AOL been fixed?  Apple.  AOL has not been fixed.  But you're right.

Start time: 4772.98
End time: 4773.96
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Apple was 90 days away from bankruptcy.

Start time: 4774.96
End time: 4780.96
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Yeah, but he had a charismatic leader that started the company, came back and made a big difference.  He's not the charismatic leader.

Start time: 4781.96
End time: 4792.63
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  He was also fighting with the board.  There's internal disputes.  I mean, it's kind of funny.  It's also, it's experience hit wise is saying that Microsoft has 30% of the search market.  Based on Yahoo.

Start time: 4793.96
End time: 4794.92
Speaker: UNKNOWN
Transcript:  Based on Yahoo.

Start time: 4796.00
End time: 4802.88
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  14.32% from Bing.com, 15.69% from Yahoo search, which is powered by Bing.  So almost half of it is Yahoo.

Start time: 4804.08
End time: 4821.08
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  How about RIM?  What about those guys?  Blackberry.  Yeah, they're still in business.  Two RIM executives got so drunk and rowdy on a flight from Beijing to Toronto, the pilot had to land in Vancouver.  He'd already got all the way to Alaska and flew back to Vancouver and said,  You guys, off the plane.

Start time: 4824.12
End time: 4832.08
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  They were afraid that China was going to impound the plane.  That's why they didn't want to go the whole way.  Is that true?  Yeah, that's in the New York Times piece.

Start time: 4833.18
End time: 4835.77
Speaker: SPEAKER_03
Transcript:  Oh my God.  What were they doing?

Start time: 4837.18
End time: 4851.20
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  George Campbell and Alexander Whistlin got so drunk and rowdy on a flight from Toronto to Beijing,  the pilot grounded the plane in Vancouver.  It was worth it for the pilot to turn around after heading north to Alaska.  I guess to save the plane.  Would that happen?  The Chinese authorities would just take the plane.

Start time: 4852.20
End time: 4855.20
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  I've never heard of such a thing.  Oh, you never know.

Start time: 4856.56
End time: 4865.12
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Meanwhile, we found out that maybe this is why they were drinking.  The Playbook fiasco cost RIM $485 million.

Start time: 4867.38
End time: 4875.01
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  That's probably a lot more manageable than the $100 million that Logitech is riding off against Google.  Right, Google TV.  That's a review.

Start time: 4876.32
End time: 4890.32
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  A half a billion dollar hit for inventory that must be sold at rock bottom prices.  RIM announced on Friday the company wouldn't be meeting its financial targets for the year primarily due to the Playbook.  I like the Playbook.  It's kind of sad.

Start time: 4891.42
End time: 4896.22
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  Since when?  Well, they didn't like it a lot.  It's the same hardware as the Fire.

Start time: 4897.40
End time: 4898.30
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  It looks the same.

Start time: 4899.36
End time: 4905.44
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  It would explain why it's been pulled from the Best Buy site.  Obviously, RIM doesn't want to make any more of these if they're losing that much money on them.

Start time: 4906.68
End time: 4921.34
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  They sold 150,000 units this quarter, 250,000 the quarter before, half a million.  It's been going downhill.  And now you can buy it for $99 or can you?  Dramatically discounted prices.

Start time: 4923.75
End time: 4926.40
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  If somebody would hack it to do something else, I think it would be kind of cool.

Start time: 4926.98
End time: 4940.56
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Well, it's interesting because RIM also kind of gave us a roadmap for future BlackBerry devices.  The Playbook was running QNX and I guess they're looking at a kind of a hybrid.  They're leaving now.  It's kind of boring, huh?

Start time: 4941.76
End time: 4944.30
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Where's those guys that sit in the empty chairs in the back?

Start time: 4945.56
End time: 4968.68
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  We need that to chair sitters like they have at the Academy Awards.  Usually that's because somebody got it to get an award, though.  So this is functionally similar, but not exactly.  Is that a Playbook there?  Yeah.  Playbook's a little bit bigger.  Screen's the same. It's just a bigger bezel.  See if it's hesitant to you.  See if it's jerky.

Start time: 4969.68
End time: 4970.62
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  Quick, load the dictionary.

Start time: 4971.70
End time: 4972.68
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Look at this. I turned it around and flipped it.

Start time: 4973.68
End time: 4976.25
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  See how fast that is?  It's very snappy.

Start time: 4977.90
End time: 4981.80
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  The Kindle Fire specs page says, Fast Dual Core Processor.

Start time: 4982.80
End time: 4988.76
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  Well, it's kind of like the Rolls Royce where it says, Horsepower Adequate.  That's my favorite car brochure of all time.

Start time: 4990.16
End time: 5003.80
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  It's adequate for the size of the vehicle.  So they've got a new BBX operating system.  We're going to see the BlackBerry Nevada in November of next year.  This is for 2012. March the BlackBerry Milan.

Start time: 5004.84
End time: 5007.80
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  The BlackBerry Barren Desert.  The BlackBerry Nuclear Testing Site.

Start time: 5008.80
End time: 5024.64
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  The BlackBerry Lisbon.  And there will be a 10-inch tablet.  Black Forest is what they're calling that.  Proported to leave, the bland Playbook looks behind in favor of the angular lines you'll see here in the London.

Start time: 5026.21
End time: 5026.49
Speaker: UNKNOWN
Transcript:  That's pretty.

Start time: 5028.69
End time: 5035.86
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  Is that a phone or a tablet?  It's a phablet.  It's like a tablet with handles.  I don't know if we can get this page up.

Start time: 5037.08
End time: 5042.88
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  It's a tone.  A tone or a phablet. I don't know what it is.  That's a phone, I believe.

Start time: 5044.04
End time: 5044.90
Speaker: UNKNOWN
Transcript:  How's this thing supposed to work?

Start time: 5046.02
End time: 5083.04
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  You know, the coolest thing is slide up. Up from the bottom.  Okay, slide down.  Never mind.  Does anybody know how to use this thing?  I haven't used it in a while.  For good reason.  Yeah.  Actually, let's talk about the Siri in just a second.  And it's a big birthday for text messaging.  Oh, really?  Do you remember your first text message?  I think it was Watson.  I was a kid.  The first sent to the first received.

Start time: 5084.35
End time: 5084.75
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Agist.

Start time: 5086.06
End time: 5135.26
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  No, actually, we're pretty close to the same age.  My hair's a little bit less...  What color is your hair?  I wonder myself.  Is it white?  Is it blonde?  John's son is here, and he's the spitting image.  It's kind of cool to see.  It's really neat.  Last time I saw him, he was about six years old.  Let's talk a little bit about audible.com.  Any of you audible?  Anybody in the audience listen to audible?  Half the audience does.  I think audible is a really great solution for people who spend time commuting at the gym, doing laundry.  It is a great way to entertain yourself.  I'm going to actually ask you, because I've been reading on audible, listening, I guess, is what people would say, the new Neil Stevenson Ream D.  And I'm a little disappointed.  That's not an unusual reaction to it.

Start time: 5136.28
End time: 5178.52
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  It doesn't feel like a Neil Stevenson book.  It's a thriller.  Well, his first two or three books actually were fundamentally thrillers.  It's just in this particular one, and Tom and I got into an argument about this where I was like, it seemed like he just edited so much.  He usually goes on these incredible asides, and it just seemed so short, and somebody immediately broke in.  That's because you're a freak, because it's a thousand pages, and I burned through it.  It doesn't feel short to me.  Yeah, I went through it in the weekend.  Like, Anathem, I'll never read again.  I love Anathem.  I don't sleep when I'm reading a book.  If my old man didn't break me of it, I'm surely not going to break myself of it.  But I actually enjoyed it, but it felt a lot softer than I expected.

Start time: 5179.52
End time: 5208.62
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  I just didn't feel as smart as some of his other books.  It's a good thriller, though.  I think he's trying to sell a movie script.  That's what I felt like to me, too.  Ream D is a virus, misspelled readme, right, which I like.  And it takes you all over the world.  There's terrorists, there's all kinds of bad guys.  There are at least two twists in the book.  One at page 400, one at page 700.

Start time: 5209.98
End time: 5220.64
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  It opens up it as a Midwestern family reunion involving shooting,  which was Tom and I were laughing hysterically over that, and how accurate it was.  Really?  Just the whole feel of a family reunion.

Start time: 5221.64
End time: 5281.03
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  The re-you, they call it.  38 hours and 34 minutes.  You could get this for free.  I'll give you two books.  These play, of course, on all the iOS devices on the Zune.  I guess I don't have to say the Zune anymore.  The Windows Phone, no.  We still use Zunes.  But the Zune, yeah.  It's on almost any device around there.  The Kindle Fire, of course.  So that's a great start.  There's one.  It's a video game developer.  It's actually, if I didn't know it was Neal Stephenson, I'd love it.  I guess that's my problem, is that it doesn't feel like a Neal Stephenson book.  But it's a pretty good thriller.  Now here's a book I can't wait.  I just downloaded.  The New Stephen King.  I'm hearing great things about this.  Anybody read that yet?  The New Stephen King novel?  The idea is a guy builds a time machine and goes back in time to prevent the Kennedy assassination.  11-22-63 a novel.

Start time: 5282.32
End time: 5291.58
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  This was a Family Guy episode the other week.  Really?  Stewie and Brian go back in time to change their initial...

Start time: 5292.98
End time: 5293.53
Speaker: UNKNOWN
Transcript:  Yeah.

Start time: 5296.88
End time: 5302.88
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  It's actually, by the way, it's one of the best of all the Family Guys ever.  That's actually a very funny one.

Start time: 5304.02
End time: 5316.88
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  I'm going to take it back.  He doesn't build a time machine.  He finds a secret portal to a day in 1958.  He goes through it and then has three years or six years, five years to prevent the Kennedy assassination.

Start time: 5317.90
End time: 5318.86
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Can he go back and forth?

Start time: 5319.88
End time: 5356.86
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  I don't know.  I haven't read it yet.  I'm very excited.  It's my next read.  11-22-63.  Now you could get both these books for free.  Both of them.  That's 50 hours of reading.  60 hours of reading.  68 hours of reading.  Look, he did it.  One month is free.  That means you can cancel it any time and get two books.  And there's a couple for you.  But the real problem is there's 100,000 titles.  There's so much great stuff at all.  Well, I'll be on a plane to France tomorrow.

Start time: 5357.88
End time: 5368.57
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  I'll have plenty of time.  No, no, no.  I mean read the book.  No, I listen to the book.  No, I mean be the voice.  Oh, read one out loud.

Start time: 5369.88
End time: 5383.80
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Yeah, to be the voice.  How much do you think they get paid?  Not enough.  It's not what you would call a great living.  Well, actually, you know, it could be a great living if you read a lot of books fast.

Start time: 5384.90
End time: 5389.70
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  You don't want to read fast.  This guy, holy crap, this guy reads so fast I can't keep up.

Start time: 5393.56
End time: 5400.82
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Here's the, by the way, the new Bill Maher book.  It's called The New New Rules.  A funny-looking everybody but me has their head up their butt.

Start time: 5401.88
End time: 5408.88
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Huh.  That one free on top of the other two?  No, you only get two.  I'm just saying there's other choices.

Start time: 5409.90
End time: 5420.78
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  It would seem like it would be a better idea.  So it depends what you're in the mood for.  That's the thing.  I like to keep, in fact, I'm already downloading books for my plane freight because I want to have a variety of different books.

Start time: 5421.88
End time: 5430.88
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Why don't you sleep on the plane like most people?  No.  You always want to sleep, by the way.  This is your tip, everybody.  You sleep going east and stay awake going west.

Start time: 5431.88
End time: 5436.49
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  You're going east.  Exactly.

Start time: 5437.88
End time: 5438.23
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  And then what?

Start time: 5439.88
End time: 5442.88
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Then you don't have the jet lag.  Really?

Start time: 5444.61
End time: 5444.72
Speaker: UNKNOWN
Transcript:  No.

Start time: 5446.12
End time: 5471.51
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Wow, that would be great.  Siri etiquette.  The New York Times had an article about a problem.  People talking to their phone and it talking back.  It's bad enough, people just talking on the phone, having phone conversations.  But apparently it's become a real problem, especially on those quiet cars on the train.  Partly because people, when they talk to Siri, talk in a robotic voice.  Have you noticed that?

Start time: 5473.00
End time: 5473.31
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  You have to.

Start time: 5477.06
End time: 5478.92
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  So you have to say, happy birthday, smiley face, comma.

Start time: 5480.00
End time: 5484.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  The example they use in the story is, how is he doing, question mark?  How are you doing, question mark?

Start time: 5485.91
End time: 5494.69
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  My kids, my family mocks me because when I dictate to Siri, I use intonation.  I say, hi Siri, how are you, comma.  I mean, I will talk.

Start time: 5496.12
End time: 5499.10
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  And your kids mock you, literally?  Yeah.

Start time: 5500.12
End time: 5540.10
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Fie.  Fie, they say, Fie.  And then it talks back to you.  Apparently this article says, talking to your phone is so new, there are no official rules yet.  Cliff Kola, spokesman for Amtrak, said the train line's quiet car policy  bans explicitly only phone calls, not banter with a virtual assistant.  Oh please.  We may have to adjust the language if it becomes a problem.  It is one of the problems though with dictating to your phone,  especially if it becomes ubiquitous, as I believe it will,  and Apple is going to put it on the desktop.  People will be talking to their stuff all the time, it will be driving you crazy.

Start time: 5541.12
End time: 5556.12
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  If you are lucky enough to A, use Amtrak to commute to work,  B, you can get a seat in the quiet car,  C, you should STFU and enjoy your quiet seat in the quiet car  You saw the yes.  Download Angry Birds, use headphones.

Start time: 5557.16
End time: 5564.12
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  It's the quiet car.  She wouldn't shut up.  They finally arrested her.

Start time: 5565.43
End time: 5566.12
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  They arrested her?

Start time: 5567.24
End time: 5572.97
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  That's great.  She went to jail.  She was speaking in the quiet car.  How do we do that in movies?

Start time: 5575.07
End time: 5576.24
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Arrest people, absolutely.

Start time: 5577.40
End time: 5581.79
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Let me see if I can...  Let me see if I can...  Did you...

Start time: 5583.59
End time: 5592.10
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Is this College Humor?  Where is this?  It's awesome.  Do you have audio?

Start time: 5593.34
End time: 5594.24
Speaker: UNKNOWN
Transcript:  We have a flat tire.

Start time: 5595.30
End time: 5600.24
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  How do I tie a bow tie again?  What's the fastest way to Hartford Hospital?  Tell my wife I'm going to be 30 minutes late.

Start time: 5600.40
End time: 5607.34
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Tell my husband I'm not authorized.  Tell my wife if she has a problem with my work schedule, she's more than welcome to get a job of her own.  Tell my husband I'm not authorized.

Start time: 5608.48
End time: 5675.32
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  Tell her yourself.  Tell my wife that if watching Ellen is a job, she should get a promotion.  Message from your husband, I appreciate you.  Bullshit, what did he actually say?  Please don't drag me into this.  Seriously.  I'm going to call for my bitch wife.  Tell my husband that he said he'd respect my choice to stay at home with our child.  Tell my wife I would, but she can't even get around to watching Ellen.  Tell my husband I'm not allowed to watch Ellen.  Did you want me to search for flower shops nearby?  When I sit on the washing machine, I...  Send my wife this picture, ask her if the washing machine is...  The only thing you've been sitting on lately.  Oh dear.  Tell my wife I think she knows.  Hey look, I googled anger management techniques.  Very carefully before he says whatever he's about to say.  Ask my wife if she's fucking Jim McPherson.  Tell my husband how dare he.  Tell my wife that's not an answer.  Is this my fault?  Tell my husband that I will not answer that.  Ask my wife if she's...  Okay.  Tell my husband he wishes it was just Jim McPherson.

Start time: 5676.62
End time: 5680.32
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Okay, we can stop here.  How did you get the idea?

Start time: 5685.52
End time: 5686.32
Speaker: SPEAKER_01
Transcript:  There you go.

Start time: 5687.36
End time: 5687.85
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Well produced.

Start time: 5688.48
End time: 5693.21
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  That's collegehumor.com.  No wait, I got a story.

Start time: 5694.48
End time: 5703.48
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Okay, go ahead.  I just ran into a story that just came through.  This is their solution to the problem.  You know, it's just too fast.

Start time: 5704.48
End time: 5711.03
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  Let's just slow it down.  Wait, wait, wait.  Read the lead graph before you completely...  Slow it down how?

Start time: 5712.50
End time: 5728.28
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  The U.S. Postal Service plans to save $3 billion by slowing down the delivery...  That'll help.  ...and other mailing using first class postage.  So how's that going to save money?  Well because then everybody...  Hold on Leo, I'll give it to you tomorrow.  That'll save money?

Start time: 5729.50
End time: 5735.40
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  This is exactly why the Postal Service is in trouble.  Hold on, hold on.  He's not reading the story.

Start time: 5738.48
End time: 5740.91
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  Would you agree that...  It's bogus.

Start time: 5742.48
End time: 5743.48
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Why are you cutting money by slowing down service?

Start time: 5744.48
End time: 5746.48
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  No business does better by making their service worse.

Start time: 5746.60
End time: 5754.60
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  By the way, these guys are making money, so let's...  Are they making money?  Yeah.  Well then why are they... what's the problem?

Start time: 5757.60
End time: 5758.60
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  That's the $50 billion, whatever Westpac is doing.

Start time: 5759.64
End time: 5768.46
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Yeah, and the whole thing is designed to privatize this thing so the public gets screwed.  Right, they privatized it.  I thought they already did.  Well, not completely.

Start time: 5769.60
End time: 5777.48
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  Well, they want to fully privatize it.  The first class delivery has been in place since 1971, which is one to three days, and they're now going to slow first class delivery to two to three days.

Start time: 5778.72
End time: 5779.72
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  And how is that going to save $3 billion?

Start time: 5780.72
End time: 5781.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  What's the logic?

Start time: 5786.72
End time: 5791.62
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  Well, that's different.  That's different.  That's saved by slowing down...

Start time: 5794.82
End time: 5797.72
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  The title says what it is.  They're going to slow down service.

Start time: 5798.76
End time: 5801.80
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  I think that's accurate.  They're going to close 250 processing centers and lose all those jobs.

Start time: 5804.98
End time: 5807.08
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  What?  Yes.

Start time: 5808.84
End time: 5813.78
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  They're closing our mail processing centers.  And you know what's going to happen next?  It's kind of like throttling bits.

Start time: 5814.90
End time: 5825.66
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  They're going to get you...  Hint to the advertising people.  No, we have a Stamps.com ad.  It's just not on this show.

Start time: 5828.00
End time: 5828.82
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Get it away, Leo.

Start time: 5829.96
End time: 5836.20
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  The Postal Service ran commercials saying...  Don't use us.  Yeah, right.

Start time: 5838.04
End time: 5864.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  And it's slow.  Yeah, it just seems counterproductive to make your service worse to save money because in the long run you're just going to lose more business.  That would be an issue.  That would be a problem.  And isn't that ultimately the real problem?  Anyway, you did an interesting thing.  You made a book.  I wrote an e-book.  Steve Jobs' email messages.

Start time: 5865.37
End time: 5885.20
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  How's that going?  It's going well.  It's been out for a little over a week.  Where can we find it?  It's 299 on Amazon.  It was in the top 100 in the first couple days.  299 is called Letters to Steve.  And it's the last 14 years of Steve Jobs' life told through his email interactions with fans.

Start time: 5886.24
End time: 5889.16
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Now, some of these we know, we've seen, but there's stuff we've never seen before.

Start time: 5890.20
End time: 5891.18
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  Yeah, there's a couple exclusives he talks about.

Start time: 5894.20
End time: 5896.20
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  So, these are letters to Steve?

Start time: 5897.36
End time: 5898.18
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  And from, to and from.

Start time: 5899.20
End time: 5900.06
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  And ones that he replied to.

Start time: 5902.30
End time: 5907.32
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Doesn't the writer of a letter technically own the copyright to that letter?  That's a good question.

Start time: 5908.50
End time: 5913.32
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  They share it with blogs and then it's out into the free.  It's been pushed out.

Start time: 5914.32
End time: 5914.91
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  I'm just wondering if you're...

Start time: 5916.32
End time: 5922.32
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  Well, the ones that I got exclusively for the book were shared with me.  By who?  By the recipient.

Start time: 5923.42
End time: 5935.44
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  That's a really interesting question.  I think you're going to sell a lot of books, but I just wonder if you're going to get yourself in trouble.  Okay, so I send you an email.  It's your property.  But you got it.  You can't give it to somebody else.

Start time: 5936.44
End time: 5941.32
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Not unless I'm a publisher and then it's assumed that's a letter to the editor that's open to public domain.

Start time: 5942.44
End time: 5943.28
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Oh, that's really interesting.

Start time: 5944.87
End time: 5945.44
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Private letters.

Start time: 5946.58
End time: 5949.44
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  This isn't a private letter.  These are emails sent to his apple.com address.

Start time: 5950.44
End time: 5965.46
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Well, then you can make this assumption.  But if it's a private correspondence, and I would assume he gets private correspondences on occasion,  it's illegal for you, the recipient, to republish that stuff.  Now, it happens all the time, obviously.  It happens all the time.  And he was asked about it.

Start time: 5968.56
End time: 5968.91
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  Right.

Start time: 5970.58
End time: 5971.21
Speaker: SPEAKER_03
Transcript:  He's a public figure.

Start time: 5972.56
End time: 5977.56
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  He knows they're going to get published, of course.  No, he doesn't.  No, he's not alive anymore.

Start time: 5978.58
End time: 5981.52
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  He knew at the time.  I don't think he's writing anymore.

Start time: 5982.56
End time: 5983.54
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Is he writing more?

Start time: 5986.56
End time: 5995.68
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  No, but that's interesting because obviously he knew people were going to publish these.  If it's going to get published, he must know that.  And it was actually a very clever way of communicating indirectly with the Apple fan base.

Start time: 5996.68
End time: 6009.23
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  Yeah, I think it provided some good PR for him at times.  He handled customer service directly at times.  People would send him an email and say,  my laptop has been tied up in the Genius Bar for a month.  What's going on here?

Start time: 6012.68
End time: 6020.29
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Did you get a sense of Steve Jobs maybe a little different from reading these emails  Yeah, I mean...  Is it more personal?

Start time: 6021.80
End time: 6039.53
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  I think at times he...  There's one where a guy sent him an email and said,  I want to thank you for supporting organ donor programs.  My girlfriend of two years died of melanoma and it really affected me.  He wrote back, you're very welcome.  I'm sorry for your loss.  Life is fragile.

Start time: 6042.80
End time: 6046.90
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Was the worst moment...  I think this was the worst moment.  Was the writer from Engadget?

Start time: 6048.12
End time: 6050.74
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  From Gawker.  Gawker, that's right.

Start time: 6051.94
End time: 6064.58
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Ryan Tate.  And at one point he says,  after Ryan complains about the fact that Apple is blocking porn on the iPhone,  Jobs retort to this,  what have you done that's so great lately?  Yeah, or do you just belittle the work of others?

Start time: 6066.04
End time: 6092.96
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  Good comeback, Steve.  Kind of a low point, actually.  Often he'd end with zingers.  One of the ones I got exclusively for this was from the guy who runs Tap Tap Tap.  Camera Plus.  He sent Steve an email saying,  there's a flaw in the App Store system,  you should fix this,  people are gaming your rating system.  And Jobs responds saying,  here's the fix that we're working on.  By the way, I see your app hasn't gotten great reviews.  Oh!

Start time: 6094.92
End time: 6097.70
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Camera Plus actually is one of its best sellers.  That is a weird zinger.

Start time: 6098.92
End time: 6099.90
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  Well, it was a different app at the time.

Start time: 6100.92
End time: 6104.88
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Oh, it was a Camera Plus.  Geez, that's kind of personal.  So where can people get this book?

Start time: 6106.43
End time: 6109.04
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Well, right here.  Amazon, just the Amazon site.

Start time: 6110.04
End time: 6110.75
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  What's the deal on that?

Start time: 6112.04
End time: 6118.66
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  Does Amazon take 30%?  Yeah, I wanted to actually price it at $199,  but $2.99 is the lowest you can go before they start taking 70%.

Start time: 6120.04
End time: 6128.04
Speaker: SPEAKER_03
Transcript:  Oh, so that would be the sweet spot.  You get two bucks for every book.  Yeah, about that.  That's kind of what John gets for his books.

Start time: 6129.45
End time: 6143.16
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  What books?  When's the last time you ran a book?  I don't know.  That's not open for debate.  Why would that be open for debate?  It's not open for debate.  I got books that are backed up.  You got books backed up?

Start time: 6144.22
End time: 6144.40
Speaker: SPEAKER_03
Transcript:  Yeah.

Start time: 6146.24
End time: 6147.02
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Wow, that must feel good.

Start time: 6148.16
End time: 6173.16
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  I need those big pockets.  is available for kindle at amazon.com  and you enable text to speech.  So you can have a robotic voice reading it to you  which would be very interesting.  Talking to Siri, Learning the Language of Apple.  That did not take long.  That's what's interesting about these e-books

Start time: 6174.18
End time: 6189.10
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  is how quickly you can turn them around.  I couldn't do it on work time,  But once you get to the publishing phase,  it's much quicker.  and marketing and everything.

Start time: 6190.16
End time: 6244.08
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  You just press go and it's available.  So, the e-pedia, the first text message, SMS message  was sent 3rd December 1992, 19 years ago.  A man named Neil Papworth used a computer  to text to Richard Jarvis.  He was a Vodafone customer on an Orbital 901 handset.  The message was, and I quote,  Merry Christmas.  First text message.  Unbelievable.  Here we are 19 years later,  and look how far we've come.  In 2010, SMS messages generated $115 billion in worldwide revenue.  Wow.  Look at that.  That's one of those things you'd have to keep on your shoulder  with a shoulder bag.  Can you see that?

Start time: 6245.83
End time: 6246.16
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Oh yeah.

Start time: 6248.04
End time: 6256.18
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Wow.  I don't think text, when did text message,  when did you, look you're a young guy Mark Millian,  did you, in college you surely used text messaging.  How about in high school?

Start time: 6257.50
End time: 6259.40
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  I didn't have a text messaging plan and they were like

Start time: 6260.40
End time: 6276.30
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  It was expensive, you couldn't do it from cross carrier,  and the real problem was on those old flip phones  you'd have to type AAA, you know, 111.  So, I think it was probably 2000,  I would guess it was when the iPhone came out in 2007,  or maybe Blackberrys that text messaging really took on.

Start time: 6276.52
End time: 6279.25
Speaker: SPEAKER_03
Transcript:  Blackberrys for sure.  Blackberrys, yeah.

Start time: 6281.82
End time: 6291.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  And then I think it was 2009 maybe when text messaging  had surpassed the amount of minutes that were spent calling  and it's not changed since then.

Start time: 6292.52
End time: 6298.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Huge revenue source for cell phone companies  because they charge, even if you pay a flat fee,  they charge an awful lot for those.

Start time: 6299.52
End time: 6302.28
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  I use Google Voice for my text messaging.  I do too, love it.

Start time: 6303.54
End time: 6305.64
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  It doesn't cost you anything.  They don't have a plan.

Start time: 6306.88
End time: 6319.21
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  And you can't get multimedia messaging or messages through...  From Google Voice.  From big companies, you know,  if you're texting American Idol or something.  Right.  You can't do that.

Start time: 6320.64
End time: 6323.64
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  You can't vote with Google Voice,  it's a bot with bang, bang, bang and something.

Start time: 6326.76
End time: 6355.76
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Apple's iMessage,  Group Services, we're going to use GroupMe for CES and the web,  they all bypass SMS, giving you SMS capabilities.  iMessage is very...  I can't believe Apple got...  It's a testament to the power of the iPhone  It will use Wi-Fi or data over SMS.  It'll only use SMS if there's no other way to send that message.  And it has a combined inbox, so you don't care or know.  You just... I got the text, I don't care how it came.

Start time: 6356.76
End time: 6360.76
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  I doubt the carriers are happy about that.  They cannot be.  But RIM was doing it with Blackberry Messenger

Start time: 6361.76
End time: 6372.43
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  and high school kids love Blackberry Messenger.  Someone in the chat room wants to know  when the first sexting message was sent.  It was December 4th, 1992.  Yeah, softball, you hit it.

Start time: 6373.76
End time: 6406.72
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Good work.  Phil texted back, F you.  Okay, so I think we are done now,  unless you have any urgent stories that anybody wants to cover.  We have some food to eat in the back, more Twizzlers.  What do you call them?  Sweaters?  Red vines.  John C. Dvorak is at channeldvorak.com  including No Agenda Show.  Noagendashow.com  Take five.  No.  X3show.com

Start time: 6407.90
End time: 6413.86
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  And the more funny, your Generation X3show.com  which is something you'd like to do.

Start time: 6414.90
End time: 6419.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Speaking of Tom Merritt, I think he actually...  Is Tom going to be here?  I think he's here, he's got something on the...

Start time: 6420.00
End time: 6421.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  What's coming up on the week ahead?

Start time: 6424.04
End time: 6471.88
Speaker: SPEAKER_00
Transcript:  Tom?  Hey, thanks Leo.  Of course, today, December 4th, your white Galaxy S2 skyrocket for AT&T is there.  I know you're so excited, John.  Also, Mario Kart hits 3DS today.  On Tuesday, December 6th, Microsoft confirmed the revamped Xbox 360 dashboard will launch  and they also have an event to unveil the Windows 8 App Store.  Wednesday, December 7th, the $900 HP Folio 13-inch business Ultrabook lands.  And Friday, December 9th, the status hearing on the Department of Justice's case  against AT&T's acquisition of T-Mobile is finally going to happen.  Saturday, December 10th, the Nintendo 3DS SlidePad add-on is official  and ships in Japan and the Sony Android Walkman Z launches.  No time to talk, John, but thanks for listening.  Back to you, Leo.

Start time: 6473.12
End time: 6505.57
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Oh, I'm sorry, I guess he doesn't have time to answer your question.  I'm sorry, I'm not fluent.  Tom Merritt will be filling in.  He will be staying here while the rest of us go to Paris.  So thank you, Tom, for doing that.  Again, if you go to InsideTwit, our blog, Inside.Twit.tv,  you can see our schedule for our LooWeb coverage.  I hope you will watch that.  We want to thank you, Mr. Patrick Norton, the head of Tekzilla,  Tekzilla.com to find out more.  Or is Veronica the head and you are the torso?  Are you the heart?  We all enjoy introducing Tekzilla and making the best program we can.

Start time: 6508.26
End time: 6514.65
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  And sometimes it rains.  Yes.  Make it obscure.  I got it.

Start time: 6516.30
End time: 6527.24
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  And sometimes it rains.  Tekzilla.com.  Catch Mark Millian at CNN.com where he writes about tech.  Anything else you got besides the book and CNN?  Anything else you want to plug?

Start time: 6528.24
End time: 6529.24
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  No, I was eating quite a bit of my time last year.

Start time: 6530.24
End time: 6581.36
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Well, hey, thank you for coming down.  Thank you.  Are we up?  Thank you for coming up.  Thank you all for being here.  We do this show 3 p.m. Pacific, 6 p.m. Eastern Time, 2300 UTC on Sundays at  Twitter.tv.  We love it if you watch live.  We really appreciate those.  If you want to also watch After the Fact, you always can by downloading  a copy from Twitter.tv.  We make audio and video available.  And now high def.  720p.  It really is gorgeous.  No, I'm sitting across from it.  I still can't tell.  I don't know what color it is.  Sandy.  Sandy.  The Sandy John C. Dvorak.  Thanks for joining us.

Start time: 6582.58
End time: 6592.58
Speaker: UNKNOWN
Transcript:  We'll see you next time.  Another twit is in the can.  Thank you.  Blackberry's Rim.  It's back.  No, it's not.

Start time: 6593.60
End time: 6606.60
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  It's all coming up next with twit.  Blackberry's Rim.  I'm sorry.  I screwed it up.  Didn't I?  Huh?  You said carry your ID.

Start time: 6607.78
End time: 6610.58
Speaker: UNKNOWN
Transcript:  Carry your ID.  OK, take two.

Start time: 6611.60
End time: 6632.72
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  It's time for Twitch.  John C. Dvorak is here along with Patrick Norton and Mark Millian from  CNN.  We're going to talk about carrier IQ.  How much do they know?  And when do they know it?  SOPA, the Motion Picture Association of America says, oh, we can fix that.  And Rim, it's Blackberry.  No, it's not.  That made no sense.

Start time: 6633.72
End time: 6634.05
Speaker: UNKNOWN
Transcript:  It was fine.

Start time: 6635.78
End time: 6636.70
Speaker: SPEAKER_00
Transcript:  Was it all right?

Start time: 6637.84
End time: 6640.72
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  Yeah.  What did I say coming up on Twitch?

