;FFMETADATA1
title=The Tesla Zamboni
artist=TWiT
album_artist=TWiT
album=This Week in Tech
track=641
genre=Podcast
comment=http://twit.tv/twit
copyright=These netcasts are released under a Creative Commons License - Attribution-NonCommercial-NoDerivatives 4.0 International. TWiT and TWiT Logo are registered trademarks of Leo Laporte.
publisher=TWiT
date=2017
encoder=Lavf58.76.100
Failed to align segment (" yeah we consolidated several of our sites we are now IT pro today"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" well windows IT pro has been around for a long time"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" the team says not going to allow driverless trucks for a while"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" and the knock-on effect in terms of employment can be huge"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I need to figure out how to haul it out of a parking space"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" but America is also comprised of vast tracts of land"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" isn't it though the case that none of this makes any sense"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" you've got to have an infrastructure that supports it too"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" that are going to affect the future of this industry"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I don't know if people are going to buy autonomous cars"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" but I think they'll be very comfortable getting in an autonomous shuttle"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" it's losing traction especially among younger people who have student loans"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" yeah right, no one even knows what that means anymore"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" and their argument is why should you have to save thousands of dollars"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" at a macro level it comes down to utilization rates"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" the utilization rates of cars right now is terrible"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I think the utilization rates of cars is comparable to the utilization rate of like"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" my husband and I frequently talk about ditching our car"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" because the number one reason we have it is to actually leave the bay area and go camping"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I imagine most people in New York don't want to own a car"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" a little bit of Washington, some Boston, San Francisco"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" there's just much bigger distances between major cities in the US"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" and now two hours in commuting traffic is the norm"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" because the utilization rates are going exactly against them"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" because you're not going to be sitting at 3% utilization"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" you were talking about the electricity grid as being central to this"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" because he said you can just stick this thing outside for a couple hours"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I think we're one breakthrough away from this being viable"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" no people think gasoline in terms of something they're consuming"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" am I using it correctly am I shopping around for the best deal"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" it isn't is it no it depends on how you step on the pedal"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" they just camped out on the roof on it a couple of weeks ago"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" they're making s'mores on the roof of the Gigafactory"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" there's obviously a bunch of people that are going to still have cars"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" different from the who's actually going to drive it question"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" as long as you can find a way to move people around"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" who are like I want the autonomous car I just saw go"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" but also engineering and design and marketing and everything"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" even though you're not looking for business software"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" so first of all you're going to get a directory of that"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" by the way these directories tend to be kind of big"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" three million people including some of the biggest companies in the world"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" an interesting character that covers a multitude of sins"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" that because there's nothing more boring than lawsuits frankly"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" probably has slightly more in the way of followers than this"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" the archbishop is the guy that wears the stupid hat"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I watched War Games when it came out in the cinema"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" and lay persons who are interested in the worship of a godhead"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" it's to not take people who say the word godhead seriously"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" it sounds a little bit like the church of the subgenius"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" and lay persons who are interested in the worship of a godhead"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" so is Anthony Levandowski creating a new JR Bob Dobbs"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" where he's like well clearly AIs are going to take over"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" he doesn't want the AIs to think he's trying to take over"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" and was like that Ultron I feel like he's got a business plan that can work"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" it comes across as almost plausible in a way that you know this is coming"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" and we should be looking for ways to actually do this more safely"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" a change that will transform every aspect of human existence"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" disrupting employment, leisure, religion, the economy"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" and possibly decide our very survival as a species"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" quote if you ask people whether a computer can be smarter than a human"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" or are we going to have to teach them to think like us"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" so that it's so much further that we can't comprehend"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" AlphaGo is the go playing computer that Google developed"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" don't believe it's science fiction but think it's inevitable"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" religious development and communications technologies"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I mean you take a look at the types of mythologies"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" what has the internet done to our definition of god?"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" it was actively illegal to do an English language version of the Bible"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" but they spread around a lot faster thanks to the printing press"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" and you're seeing the effect of the internet on religions now"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" they're all lovely people but this is just bonkers"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" but they just believe something which is utterly bonkers"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" so religion obviously fills a human need of some sort"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" you want to believe that you're not alone in the universe"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" is to stop treating it like some magical, mysterious sci-fi thing"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" and it's completely understandable by normal people"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" where it goes from just being a mechanistic system"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" it's like this language is meant to make people say"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" that's actually a critical facet of most religions"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" is there a behind the curtain that you aren't expected to understand"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" false flag operation, Stephen Hawking has been fully AI for decades"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I don't think it's going to particularly work out like that"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I think it's going to work out in a whole multiplicity of ways"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" individual companies within China and the US are working on AI"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" China, Russia, soon all countries with strong computer science"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I don't think there's any such thing as general AI"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" actually Sony believe it or not is bringing back the iBow"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" but Sony are bringing back the iBow with a hefty monthly charge"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" fisheye cameras see and recognize individual faces"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" it's got actuators that allow the body to move smoothly along 22 axes"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" sorry until I can mount a laser on its head I'm not interested"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" you both know that you can put a laser on a normal dog"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" and then we've actually had an advertiser called curry"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" that one wanders around it's like an iBow without legs"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" we don't care so much about the backend technology"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" so stuntmen still have their jobs for another 20 years"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" well isn't that the definition of any good product"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I used to say X until someone said I was an idiot for saying X"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" and when you're confused and when you're happy and when you're frustrated"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" and I remember really talking about this in the early days of computing"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" they don't understand dog emotions by looking at other dogs"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" but at a different level it's obviously they couldn't explain it to you"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" but this is what we're going to see with technology"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" every cognitive scientist for the next few decades"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I guess for example if Siri could pick up your tone of voice"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" in theory they should be able to pick up your tone of voice"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" we see emotional analysis of Twitter of tweets right"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" perhaps you'd like to take a chill pill before we speak"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I would design it with a slightly less creepy voice"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" or a fine scenario for family holiday get togethers"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" anyway Scott E. Vest isn't really about underwear so much"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" a lot of police like them as well for exactly that reason"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" but look at this here's an image on the left there"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" you can see they have this great x-ray feature on the site"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" and then you see how the headphones come out of it"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I feel like I need to say the Michelin man looks good"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" you just don't have a pocket label for snacks though"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" trying to get Marmite through customs is a nightmare"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I'd met at Adobe Max had brought me over a couple of jars"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" so the iPhone is going to know when I'm happy or sad"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" for what apps that use those APIs are allowed to do"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" and I think they're explicitly not allowed to actually do it"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" and it's up to all of us to not have it go that way"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" when your wife uses it, it puts her Google account on there"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" it took them five minutes to scan the person's face"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" so that I can do things like order off of Amazon Prime"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" no I like that although that's what everybody's using"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" look at how Amazon structures their entire channel"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" there are studies that show that if you offer free shipping"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" people will buy more on average in a shopping cart"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" and say you know what Prime membership will be lower"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" and then they don't realize all the different behaviors"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" oh please I bow to the nation that gave us the twinkie"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" the little round one that goes to my bedside table with the camera"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" and I'm just like you're just speaking dolphin to me"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" Google has just launched a bunch of stuff around this"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" your husband I know is reviewing it for Tom's Hardware"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" actually a number of people have commented that the"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I don't know if they still do it in the later editions"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I don't know if they still do that in the new paperbacks"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I think Benny Hill is clearly thought crime by now"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" which I would love to meet the person that did that"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I feel like we should actually mention Black Books"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I think of that every time somebody in my house gets sick"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" Cold Feet, the first season of Cold Feet was pretty funny"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I'm not going to New York and having you run around like that"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I think I put a rolled up sock in there the first time"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I love it, when we first started doing ads for WordPress"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" it's easy for them to put it on Facebook and Twitter"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" they even have plans to let you bring your own theme and plugins"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" and if you're a business and you don't have your own site"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" unless you have your own website at WordPress.com slash twit"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" they covered everything from God to artificial intelligence"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" their cashier list store is about to go nationwide"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I'm just hoping they don't bugger up Lord of the Rings too badly"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" Tom Bombadil has been neglected by every major adaptation"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" he's one of the most disturbing characters in there"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" because this is always a point of contention with the Tolkien estate"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" you need that backstory if you're going to get a series out of it"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" and wasn't allowed to actually go back in the lore"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" but hopefully that means they bought the rights to that"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" so if it's an event preceding The Fellowship of the Ring"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" and are thrilled to be taking The Lord of the Rings fan on a new epic journey in Middle Earth"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" but if you look at what they've done to Game of Thrones"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" it's going to highlight the difficulty of prequels"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" they just solved that by remaking the original film"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" The Fellowship of the Ring starts off with this idea"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" are you telling the story of everything sliding into the point"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" as long as they just don't turn into tits and dragons"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" actually the most recent season of Game of Thrones"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" has been much toned down in terms of the R rated content"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I definitely hope that the spin-off is all Iron Bank"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" that would have been a little weird if you went with the king"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I think we've reached important consensus on the segment"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" ever since the rollout of the Disney princess line"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" because they now have little boys who run around the park"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I didn't like the nostalgia callbacks to Hannah and Chewie"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" it's a great way to pass the notes with your friends"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" it tends to get in the way of having friends though"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" this is pretty much a panel of people who don't have friends"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" and say I can't wait to be the first person to stay there"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" all of the cast members will be in costume and character"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" it completely fits in with what they're trying to do"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" and I'm only going to stay there five or six times"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" there are websites devoted to it in Facebook groups"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" and you can get your pictures taken in front of the castles"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" and Mickey and Minnie can come to your reception for a fee"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" there's so much stuff that just doesn't make sense to me"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" they have a whole line of bridal gowns that are named after the different princesses"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" and I wonder if the cruise ships are gradually inching them there"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" we're going to create a highly immersive branded experience for you"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" they used to have this two day food and wine festival"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" which was fun because there weren't a lot of kids in it"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I don't quite see what people are getting excited about"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I never cared about Disney until they bought Star Wars"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" there was not a single Disney brand that I cared about"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" hello princess are you having a great day princess"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" and is not in any way hooked into the Disney world"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" they are actually having a park attendance problem"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" while maintaining really high customer service ratings"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" families with members in different political parties"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" and they're tracking where you are on Thanksgiving"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" that say here is the data we're collecting from you"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" thankfully we've got the EU coming along with GDPR"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" there should be consequences for abuse of data though"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" in a world where we just assume that all data is out there"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" is what's going to prevent bad things from happening"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" bits of information in one place versus another place"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I feel like there should be more financial transparency"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" literally nobody has any idea how much they're worth"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" you're actually not going to get any better clarity"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" and you're just kind of swimming in too much information out of context"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I really think that attempts to regulate where data lives"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" that the outrage is that this data is being collected"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" it could be used in ways that you don't want it to be used"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" and legislation should operate at that ditch point"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" to be honest the thing that irritates me about smart fridges"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" some means of getting financial or legal restitution"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" if it's applied under the absolute letter of the law"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" should you make a law that you can't make globally enforceable"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" but I mean if you look at the practice over the last 10-15 years"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" it's only been the EU who has held Microsoft to account ever more"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" haven't they been trying to hold Apple to account over taxes"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" that Apple and Facebook and Google and others are using"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" they're putting all their money in the Isle of Jersey"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" which is very good at covering up inconvenient little facts"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" is you talked about how national boundaries are going to matter less"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" I mean we're already seeing that with cloud computing"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" where people can have cloud storage centers all over the world"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" to back up and reinforce their data infrastructure"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" that's what's so interesting about the court cases"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" this is just various governments wasting everyone's time"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" this is actually the most important book I've ever read"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" maybe even more important to my life than the Hitchhiker's Guide"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" it's like three pages, you read it, you understand everything"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" and they've come really close to ruining the planet"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" what are the specific outcomes that we're trying to prevent"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" and then like laws should make those things illegal"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Failed to align segment (" is the largest independent online financial advisor"): backtrack failed, resorting to original...
Start time: 1.24
End time: 28.48
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  It's time for twit this week in tech wow what a philosophical wonderful fascinating show perhaps has something to do with our great panel Ian Thompson is back Phil Libbon and Lisa Schmeiser we're going to talk about Tesla's new truck and roadster can artificial intelligence be a godhead the religion of AI national AI wars a backflipping robot and a new dog one nice one not so nice it's all coming up next on twit

Start time: 31.56
End time: 34.44
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  netcasts you love from people you trust

Start time: 38.76
End time: 154.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  this is twit  bandwidth for this week in tech is provided by cashfly at c-a-c-h-e-f-l-y dot com  this is twit this week in tech episode 641 recorded Sunday November 19th 2017 the Tesla Zamboni  this week in tech is brought to you by captera find software solutions for your business needs captera is a free website with over 400 categories of business software and thousands of ratings and reviews from software users just like you visit captera dot com slash twit today  and by scott evest a full line of functional clothing that features well designed pockets so you can carry all of life's gadgets without carrying a bag for a limited time go to scott evest dot com slash twit and use the promo code cybertwit to save 30 percent on most items  and by wordpress plans start at just four dollars a month find out why 29 percent of the web runs on wordpress and get 15 percent off your brand new website today at wordpress dot com slash twit and by betterment the largest independent online financial advisor for a free five minute investment review to help you assess your investment accounts tax strategies fees and risk exposure visit betterment dot com slash twit no sign up required  it's time for twit this week in tech the show where we talk about the latest news from the tech sphere with some of the best tech analysts journalists and just men about town women about town ian thompson is here from the register dot co dot uk always wonderful to have you in  it was great fun to be here  and i'm thrilled that you chose the adventure time mug  it tells a lot about our visitors with the coffee mug they choose

Start time: 155.22
End time: 161.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  honestly i chose the largest one i could find  i'm going to be doing a lot of talking and i need all the energy i can get

Start time: 162.00
End time: 181.96
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  phil liban is also here from all turtles of course you remember him from evernote he chose the twit mug good choice very bland choice but good choice  i'm on my fourth one though so  ah you are  is it hot water or is it coffee  it's coffee  you can't tell where that mug is  lisa schmeiser is here from the super site for windows

Start time: 182.76
End time: 184.84
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  not anymore we rebranded just last week believe it or not

Start time: 186.50
End time: 187.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  let's fix the lower third what should it say

Start time: 188.52
End time: 191.26
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  it should say IT pro today  oh i like it

Start time: 194.56
End time: 197.44
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  IT pro is one of the pet petri brands that has been around for a long time

Start time: 200.50
End time: 208.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  this is just IT pro today so it's more platform independent we folded in the windows IT pro family of sites plus super site for windows and a few others

Start time: 209.50
End time: 225.96
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  and we have folded it into your lower third  excellent  IT pro today look at that  also you all have podcasts phil's got his all turtles podcast you have phil and lisa ruin the movies podcast that's on the incomparable network  what movies have you ruined lately

Start time: 227.00
End time: 238.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  we actually have a running queue of movies we need to ruin  because as you know the premise of the podcast is that we review movies based solely on the movie trailers we don't go to see the movies we pre-run the movies before they hit theaters

Start time: 238.66
End time: 257.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  well the trailers often do ruin the movies I must say I don't think that that's a stretch  for instance I have steadfastly refused to see the new star wars trailer December 14th we've got tickets to see opening night  but I think the trailers reveals a lot I've heard and I don't want to know I did accidentally see a porg

Start time: 258.70
End time: 273.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  yeah well this was my complaint actually about the thor ragnarok trailers because one of the biggest plot twists was revealed in the trailer with a punch line and I get blinded  but again it would have been a much more impactful moment in the film if it had been a big surprise

Start time: 274.52
End time: 286.32
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  and the other thing is comedies often all the humor is in the trailer and you go to the comedy and there's nothing funny because they wasted it  so don't watch trailers kids  let's see enough of that

Start time: 287.50
End time: 288.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  I see the porg but no it's

Start time: 290.04
End time: 292.48
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  what are porg no don't tell me I don't want to know

Start time: 294.35
End time: 296.16
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  no no spoilers this is a spoiler free zone

Start time: 297.00
End time: 328.48
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  spoiler free zone  what were the big stories of the week you know I probably should do this before the show begins  what prepare  I like the Tesla I called it the Tesla diesel and then it was pointed out there ain't no diesel in a Tesla semi an 18 wheeler  Elon Musk announced the first Tesla truck  I know I have to say handsome truck  I'm tempted I want to get one I wonder if Calacanis he says he owns every Tesla will he buy a diesel I mean a semi

Start time: 329.50
End time: 336.44
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  I think he's more into the roads to myself but given all the news we've had over the last month or so when I woke up to the twitter feed going Tesla semi it was like oh no not him too

Start time: 338.87
End time: 348.44
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  nowadays anybody any man's name is mentioned you go oh god oh god  well actually there have been a lot of I have to say some accusations about the Tesla factory in Fremont about racism and sexism

Start time: 349.32
End time: 352.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  I covered on about nine months ago as well this seems to be sort of bubbling under

Start time: 353.00
End time: 358.98
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  and Elon's attitude is well just get you know man up like get a thick skin I don't think that's exactly

Start time: 360.00
End time: 362.72
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  it's a very comfortable up the right thing to say

Start time: 364.42
End time: 383.62
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  the guy just work himself into the ground but it's not really something that you can yeah it's tricky  my big worry about the truck though is you know I live near Oakland and they were talking about the aerodynamics are better than a supercar  but if you've actually got to put a container capsule on the back of this that's going to create an enormous amount of drag

Start time: 385.00
End time: 394.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  in fact they even admit that because they talk about range but the range is like 30% better if you're convoying in other words if you're drafting off the truck in front

Start time: 395.02
End time: 432.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  so is there a plan to have some of these be self driving as well or is this  you have to think that's inevitable  if you take a look at where truck driving is going the two biggest costs are going to be fuel and human labor  and the trucking industry has been trying to reduce the human labor costs by finding ways to automate convoys  and when I was looking at this story I thought well you've made a very pretty truck but I don't see how this addresses your ongoing quest to cut labor costs  I don't know what the financial incentive is yet I would love to figure out or hear anybody's explanation for  why if you own a fleet of trucks you're going to say I'm buying me some Tesla

Start time: 433.00
End time: 446.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  I'll tell you one way by the way Loblaw UPS number of people have already ordered these trucks we don't even know what it's going to cost  one way you're reducing labor costs there's only one seat in the thing  it's just you you can't even pick up hitchhikers anymore

Start time: 447.00
End time: 451.84
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  well you can't bring your partner with you either because there's a lot of long haul truckers that either drive in teams or they have a spouse with them

Start time: 453.00
End time: 455.94
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  and look at the console it's just basically a screen a couple of screens

Start time: 456.72
End time: 473.40
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  you see this is the way I think the industry is going when we've seen with with Waymo with well not with Waymo also  there they had to have a human driver in the cab because the truck can't handle city traffic on the freeway it's fine  you know the guy can pretty much go to sleep please goodness no

Start time: 474.50
End time: 480.44
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  even a Tesla on the freeway does fine right now even any of the Teslas do fine  but you don't want to do them on curvy roads or it's raining

Start time: 483.16
End time: 490.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  it's inevitable  it is inevitable and you can see a lot of truck stop towns die because of automation

Start time: 493.00
End time: 512.46
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  I think you may see like two-stage trucking where you have long hauls that are mostly automated and then there will be a short set route  a short set route where it's a human driver and perhaps this is where the Tesla market will come in handy because you're still reducing fuel costs  which is a big consideration and they can be human guided so they can handle Oakland or San Francisco during rush hour

Start time: 513.52
End time: 543.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  500 miles of range Tesla said that 80% of all trucking routes are 350 or less 350 miles or less  it will charge in half an hour using a new mega charger that may be what keeps truck stops alive because you're going to have to go to a special charger  but the good thing is you can have your chicken fried steak and charge the diesel  I keep calling it diesel  diesel is not a generic term for semi tractor trailer  it is an 18 wheeler no rear view mirrors but that makes me think it's probably got cameras galore  I think you guys are thinking about this wrong

Start time: 544.48
End time: 547.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  I think it's not so much a truck as a case for the new roadster

Start time: 548.60
End time: 587.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  well that was the one more thing and I thought that was great  Zac Estrada's writing says the first time a tractor trailer has been introduced with trance music  there was fog machines and after Elon chose the truck and talks about it  I think he drove it in as a matter of fact I wasn't at the event but it looked like he drove it in  then he says oh one more thing and the truck opens up and out of the back comes the lust object for every car  a $200,000 roadster and this is how Tesla started with they took a Lotus Elise and they put an electric motor in it  this is not exactly the original roadster

Start time: 588.02
End time: 595.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  I think this is the new rule from now on companies must only announce products  within products  simultaneously you need to have a turducken launch

Start time: 596.00
End time: 601.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  you're from Russia this is the nesting doll theory  this is why this speaks to my deep soul

Start time: 602.86
End time: 607.39
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  so like Apple has the Apple home and when they pop it open there's another iPhone inside it  I like that

Start time: 609.00
End time: 611.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  from now on I only care about products that fit inside of other products

Start time: 611.94
End time: 618.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  so when this is a plot line in the next season of Silicon Valley I hope that you reach out to Mike Judge and tell him that you thought of it first

Start time: 619.50
End time: 620.23
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  you heard it here first

Start time: 621.52
End time: 624.46
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  I can see the nesting doll strategy becoming huge in Silicon Valley

Start time: 626.04
End time: 646.90
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  at the end of the day this is the typical supercar that companies like McLaren are putting out  they'll put out a few thousand of them they'll be pre-bought before they're rolled out  and they're a prestige product which drives the brand  I'm more worried about the Model 3  there's been very little talk about where they're coming on the Model 3  and that's got to get sorted out if they're going to be a large style car manufacturer

Start time: 648.00
End time: 656.98
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  I'm not too worried about it to be honest  I feel like Tesla always has production problems when they begin new models  the Model 3 isn't so very different from previous Tesla's as far as I can tell

Start time: 658.02
End time: 661.80
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  no but they need to get volume  there's hundreds of thousands of people waiting for this car

Start time: 663.02
End time: 667.48
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  but you know I think this happened with the Model S when it came out  I know it happened with the Model X because I bought one

Start time: 668.86
End time: 676.44
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  so is it a concern if they can actually scale up the business from being a micro luxury  to something that fundamentally changes American transport?

Start time: 677.50
End time: 700.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  pretty much yeah and also whether or not they can do that in America  because they made a big thing about manufacturing in America  but at the same time the China plant is now coming online  so it's going to be interesting to see how it develops  yes we do need something to give the car industry a massive boot up the backside  but it's whether or not you can do it in this country economically  whether you're going to go to China to do it

Start time: 701.00
End time: 703.80
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  I don't think I'm ever going to own a car again  I really don't

Start time: 705.00
End time: 706.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  Uber everywhere now and stuff like that

Start time: 707.00
End time: 725.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  I have a car, I haven't touched it in about a year and a half  it literally not only won't start it doesn't even like pretend  it doesn't even make that sad little noise when you try to start it  it's just dead  it's like a statue of a car at this point  you need to drain the oil, put it up in blocks  I don't think I'm ever going to own a car again

Start time: 726.50
End time: 794.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  I'd be interested to see if Tesla ever actually moves into say agricultural vehicles  I don't think I'm ever going to own an agricultural vehicle again  don't you want a combine?  I actually kind of do  I was talking to some engineers at VW about self-driving cars  at one of these Internet of Things shows  and what the engineers and I were talking about was  they were talking about transforming the auto industry  and having these ranges when you're in a pretty well populated urban grid  where you can have your charging stations every so often  huge tracts of land  it's not suitable  it's also electric, it's not as good in the cold climates  but there's still a huge agricultural sector in America  and there are things happening there with  they're bringing more robots online to do work and things like that  but you're still looking at a lot of technology  that has been pretty fundamentally unchanged over the last 50 years  few people are wringing their hands worrying about the energy sink  that is your average combine or thrasher  that would be a great use for it

Start time: 795.00
End time: 804.45
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  and the Zamboni, let's not forget  hockey rinks everywhere should have Tesla Zamboni's  I'd buy a Tesla Zamboni  just to drive it down the street

Start time: 806.00
End time: 826.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  there's also the rest of the world angle  in Holland, the UK, France, all introducing legislation  that will basically ban the sale of new carbon based cars  in 2025, 2030, whenever  China is going the same way  we're in the middle of a fundamental shift here  I'd just like to see American car companies go  oh yeah, hang on, we're missing a truck

Start time: 827.57
End time: 868.44
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  interestingly when Tesla announced the truck  it was pointed out immediately that Cummins  which is a big diesel truck manufacturer  and Daimler among others  have already announced the plans to electrify  this makes sense  we want to eliminate pollution  fuel economy is a big part of the business model  this kind of makes sense  it's logical  until, and this is imminent  electric power generation and batteries  get to the point where it is more economical than fossil fuels  that's where we have to get before this really  well that's a big problem  Elon did the supercharger network  I think that reduces a lot of the range anxiety

Start time: 869.50
End time: 869.87
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  sorry, go ahead

Start time: 871.52
End time: 894.98
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  I think there's three factors here  which are all being munched together  but are really separate  there's electricity versus fossil fuels  there's autonomy  and then there's the future of ownership or financing  I think those are three independent things  that everyone kind of clumps together  but they're probably going to move  they're all changing significantly  but they're going to move at different speeds

Start time: 896.00
End time: 904.82
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  I feel like autonomy and ownership are linked  not necessarily  or an autonomous Uber

Start time: 906.00
End time: 943.94
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  I think the ownership thing is rippling out now  because you mentioned Uber  but you look at home ownership trends  and home ownership as an idea is losing traction  is it really?  and then if you look at the rise of streaming media services  I'm fine with not having to buy a terabyte drive  to own all this music and all of this film  that happened so fast  or there's clothing rental  for example one of the growing sectors is actually wedding clothing rental  the runway has just launched  they do dresses?  bridal dresses and bridesmaids dresses  or in my case three times

Start time: 945.37
End time: 955.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  that's exactly right  for ownership it comes down  the utilization rates of cars  I forget what the latest numbers are

Start time: 956.50
End time: 963.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  you buy it, you drive it maybe five  not even that long  you drive it maybe an hour a day  and the 23 hours a day it's sitting in a garage

Start time: 964.74
End time: 975.15
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  I think it's worse on average  it's even worse  luxury watches or jewelry  and so you'll get to the same ownership structure  makes no sense

Start time: 976.50
End time: 977.48
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  it's a huge drain on resources

Start time: 978.56
End time: 981.15
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  all the metals  and in the future it will be

Start time: 986.58
End time: 987.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  because you live in a city

Start time: 988.79
End time: 1005.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  as does Phil  I live in San Francisco  a small fishing village  but I think for people who live in urban areas  how about that  this is not an uncommon idea  it's hideously expensive to garage it  we do our stuff and we do our errands on foot

Start time: 1006.56
End time: 1007.46
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  and there's mass transit

Start time: 1008.52
End time: 1013.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  so what do you need a car for  as you point out Lisa  the rest of the country is not urbanized

Start time: 1014.58
End time: 1030.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  and you really need  when it comes to mass transit  you've got New York, Chicago  that's pretty much it  for major cities with a good public transport network  and I'm using the word good  it's a very generous stretch

Start time: 1031.50
End time: 1032.48
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  we were robbed as a country

Start time: 1033.68
End time: 1046.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  because if you go to Europe as you know  you see these incredible mass transit networks  the train networks  you had them  they were shut down in the 50s  we were robbed because the motor companies  the oil companies, the tire companies

Start time: 1047.00
End time: 1049.98
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  the oil companies got together  LA had a fantastic public transport network

Start time: 1053.00
End time: 1053.57
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  between cities

Start time: 1055.00
End time: 1059.80
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Los Angeles used to have the most fantastic public transport tram network  and that was all ripped out

Start time: 1063.64
End time: 1071.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  but basically there is no long-term saving the car companies  even if they go autonomous and they go to fleet rentals

Start time: 1072.50
End time: 1073.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  yeah because there's just far fewer cars

Start time: 1076.52
End time: 1077.34
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  so this is maybe Tesla's

Start time: 1078.50
End time: 1083.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  I'm sure Elon is smart enough to know this  and that's his opportunity  Tesla will probably succeed in that market

Start time: 1084.64
End time: 1088.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  and the traditional car companies will see their unit volumes  I thought they were basically a battery company

Start time: 1089.50
End time: 1094.32
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  that's using a car to promote the battery  that's accurate  this is where it's going

Start time: 1095.00
End time: 1109.90
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  and it's that move  it's that move from large-scale inefficient transmission plants  to everyone generates their own  and an aggregate network  with certain baseline stations providing the current

Start time: 1111.00
End time: 1118.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  you are reminding me of a vendor I interviewed at CES earlier this year  he was selling a solar panel that is probably about the size of Leo's gizmo there

Start time: 1119.52
End time: 1123.48
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  my surface studio all-in-one super duper  it was a solar panel that size

Start time: 1124.84
End time: 1135.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  and he said that his market was actually electric car owners in Silicon Valley  power it up it can juice up your car  and this way you're independent of the electrical grid

Start time: 1139.22
End time: 1150.18
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  something like a 40% efficient solar panel  or a battery that can be charged quickly and is easier to make  and of course everybody's working on this kind of innovation

Start time: 1151.00
End time: 1179.32
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  you're also going to have to train users though  the reason gas gauges are so effective is because people think of gasoline in terms of something  and they can see how much they're consuming and it affects their behavior  and it even affects the way they think about in terms of am I wasting it  until you can get to the point when there's GasBuddy  GasBuddy is an app?  yeah people are weird about how much they're paying per gallon of gas  as they should be

Start time: 1180.50
End time: 1186.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  but also logically in the extent they're willing to drive further than the cost savings will get them  to go to slightly lower prices at the GasBuddy

Start time: 1187.50
End time: 1190.20
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  again weird but you know until people start thinking of battery power or solar power

Start time: 1191.50
End time: 1225.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  you see your battery go down in a Tesla you see where your battery is  gas usage is linear either  but I think one of the things Tesla does quite well with that big screen  is give you an idea of how much power you're going to have left  when you get to where you're going  and it's pretty accurate it will reroute you to chargers if you're going to need one  I think it handles that issue quite well  I know where I'm sitting  Tesla did not have a very good quarter  their worst financial quarter ever  I think short term Tesla is having trouble

Start time: 1226.42
End time: 1237.36
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  but they've got a certain amount of cash to burn  you know they're not going to run short of funding anytime soon  the question is is this a small hiatus while they get themselves sorted out  it's all about the Model 3 and the Gigafactory

Start time: 1239.10
End time: 1243.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  in fact Elon's blaming the Gigafactory for problems making batteries for the overall

Start time: 1248.70
End time: 1253.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  if I was to ever buy a car again it would probably be a Model 3  I can't imagine getting anything else but I'll probably never own one

Start time: 1256.00
End time: 1262.44
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  but here in Petaluma I couldn't not have a car  I guess I could bicycle everywhere but it rains

Start time: 1263.00
End time: 1263.94
Speaker: SPEAKER_03
Transcript:  what are you with Davis?

Start time: 1265.22
End time: 1265.98
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  it'd be good for me

Start time: 1267.02
End time: 1267.86
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  it'd be better for me

Start time: 1271.00
End time: 1288.73
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  whether they own them or not is a different  that's the ownership question  but most of the population in the world is living in urban centers  that's what's growing  the sheer numbers are obviously going only in one direction  which is fewer unit sales  no future for the big

Start time: 1291.52
End time: 1298.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  whether they're differently abled or they're senior citizens  or they're very small children  one of the biggest reasons to have a car is you have people that can't walk

Start time: 1299.78
End time: 1308.48
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  but for my mom who's 84 and got rid of her car some years ago  she does use Uber but if an autonomous shuttle could come to her door at her beck and call

Start time: 1309.50
End time: 1311.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  I have known so many senior citizens who have talked about that

Start time: 1314.60
End time: 1318.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  I'm praying I'm not going to be able to drive in a couple of years  and I'm praying that though

Start time: 1320.41
End time: 1326.98
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  it's those old timey pneumatic tubes they used to have at banks  that's the Hyperloop isn't it  that's the future of our credits

Start time: 1328.00
End time: 1329.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  you've just cited the future of our credits

Start time: 1330.00
End time: 1343.96
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  that's where we're going  the boring machine stuff though  I seriously think Elon's lost the plot on this  because the idea of being able to just bore tunnels under cities  might work in a few select cities  but try that in London you're going to find yourself in a whole world of trouble

Start time: 1344.84
End time: 1346.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  it's kind of a Morlock imagery they're going on

Start time: 1347.80
End time: 1355.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  very good HG Wells wow  what a literate crew we have here  that's Lisa Schmeiser  what is it called IT Pro Today now

Start time: 1356.50
End time: 1357.32
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  IT Pro Today yes

Start time: 1358.68
End time: 1363.46
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  and she is  what is your the iron feminist on Twitter  the immortal iron feminist

Start time: 1364.64
End time: 1365.46
Speaker: SPEAKER_03
Transcript:  the immortal iron feminist

Start time: 1366.50
End time: 1368.06
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  taking advantage of those 50 characters in my title now

Start time: 1369.50
End time: 1392.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  Twitter is evolving now you have 50 characters for your title  you have 280 characters for your tweet  we'll talk a little bit about that  Philippin is also here he's at All Turtles  that is an incubator for artificial intelligence  no I get it wrong every time  studio for artificial intelligence  what is a studio  we make stuff  oh yeah okay so you're not funding companies and supporting them to make stuff

Start time: 1393.62
End time: 1408.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  you're making stuff  we do everything to make important products  which includes funding when that's necessary  we're not trying to incubate a shred of poop out little companies  we try to make important products  we're kind of indifferent as to whether they're freestanding companies or not

Start time: 1409.50
End time: 1433.48
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  Phil Libbon not pooping out companies  we just want to make that clear  not pooping out little companies  he's got 50 characters  that's your new Twitter handle  but interestingly enough  a member of Anthony Lewandowski's new Church of the Artificial Intelligence  no  we'll talk about that in a minute too  also here from the register  the king of snark himself

Start time: 1434.81
End time: 1441.48
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  I need that my business card  probably snarky your people at the register  oh yes no no I'm quite mild in some regards

Start time: 1442.52
End time: 1623.34
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  Ian Thompson  our show today brought to you by Captera  and I love Captera because it solves a problem I have  which is people call me mostly on the radio show saying  I don't know as an example  I run a dog groomer  what's the best software for running dog groomers  and I have to say why would I know that  now I can say go to captera.com  what have I been doing I guess in the past  is googling it  and that's not a great way to find  specific vertical business software  captera is 400 categories  of business software  thousands of applications  in fact one of the fun things  is just going to captera  and looking in  I mean from bookkeeper software  to bug tracking software  to call recording software  to chemical, child care, chiropractic  let's pick a weird  business I shouldn't say that  because then somebody  dance studio software  that's not a weird business  but did you know look at all of these  these are all programs built  to run dance studios  class juggler  your virtuoso bookie  your compu dance  dance studio pro  iClass Pro  prime time dance studio software  and you can say well I'm going to filter that  I'll make it four stars  it should be web based  only four stars and up  and I want to take online payments  point of sale and recital management  I don't know I just picked some  you can filter it down to the programs  that jack rabbit dance  the studio director these are the ones that do  then you can say let's add that to the compare  that looks good dance biz  that looks good our dance shop  I'm going to add that  and now I can compare them  I can look at the reviews  hundreds of thousands of reviews  by people just like you  and all of this  guess what free there's no sign up  no you don't have to  give them your email  it's just a directory of great business software  just for you  260,000 ratings and reviews  hundreds I mean thousands of applications  hundreds of categories  captera  captera  captera.com slash twit  don't waste your precious daylight  as the days get shorter sifting through a sea of  google results when you  can find the right business software  and get home on time tonight  captera.com slash twit  get that software you need  and get it for free  well the software is not free  actually in many cases you can even say  free trials  I want to see which ones have free trials  captera.com  use captera to find  business software maybe you should  too we thank them so much for their support  of this week in tech  Anthony Lewandowski is an interesting character  I think we should talk about this

Start time: 1624.50
End time: 1624.70
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  he is

Start time: 1629.31
End time: 1691.96
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  and he's getting more interesting  he became a kind of a news story  he was at google  worked at the self driving car  group there  then left Waymo to start  Auto which is the self driving truck company  which was acquired by Uber  and then Google sued Uber  saying Anthony brought  intellectual property that lawsuit is ongoing  but  and so we're not here to talk about  but he's also done something  I find  strangely fascinating  he's founded a church of artificial intelligence  it's called the way of the future  and actually  there's a lot of people wondering  is this real  is this a joke  what's going on  Wired interviewed him  and they said he was quite serious  although if you look at him with his  Nike  turtleneck there  there's a tracksuit  that's a tracksuit  and we know about Nike tracksuits

Start time: 1693.02
End time: 1693.98
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  they're often used by religious cults

Start time: 1695.00
End time: 1717.14
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  I was just thinking the heavens gate people  so  do you think there's tongue in cheek here  or what he calls the way of the future  they call it the next act for the  Silicon Valley robotics wunderkind  he  filed papers in May with the IRS  he is the leader of the region  self-styled Dean  just like the Dean of Canterbury Cathedral  right

Start time: 1719.00
End time: 1730.63
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  yes the Dean of Canterbury Cathedral  he's not wearing Nike tracksuits  it's not a popularity contest  generally religions are 10 to 3 thoughts of that  yeah but

Start time: 1731.50
End time: 1734.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  that's interesting  it's a non-profit

Start time: 1735.52
End time: 1736.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  it's also not clear on what the word Dean means

Start time: 1737.56
End time: 1738.23
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  well the boss

Start time: 1739.72
End time: 1742.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  the head hot show  the Dean's aren't actually the boss of anything

Start time: 1743.60
End time: 1748.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  what is the Dean  the Dean's not the boss  the Dean is the person that gets stuff done

Start time: 1751.60
End time: 1754.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  in no context  does the word Dean mean the person in charge

Start time: 1755.66
End time: 1771.31
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  no it's this number 2  Whopper is in charge  some giant computer somewhere  is that a War Games reference  yes  very good  for somebody not born here  the documents  immigrants

Start time: 1773.00
End time: 1773.94
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  they get the job done

Start time: 1777.08
End time: 1801.98
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  I loved that movie  I interviewed the director some years ago  on the old screensavers  and it was really fun to talk to him  John Badham  is that what his name was  WOTF the way of the future  that's the name of this religion  will focus on  the realization acceptance and worship  of a godhead based on artificial intelligence  developed through computer hardware and software  they're going to fund research

Start time: 1803.02
End time: 1803.94
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  what does god need with a spaceship

Start time: 1805.02
End time: 1823.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  it will seek to build working relationships  with AI industry leaders  have they contacted you  you're an AI industry leader  they haven't apparently I'm not a leader enough  and they're going to target AI professionals  based on AI  this could be  if there's nothing else I learned from college

Start time: 1826.50
End time: 1835.40
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  that is a red flag  you see the word godhead  you know that's not a serious person  JR Bob Dobbs and Slack

Start time: 1836.50
End time: 1862.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  which is of course was a mock religion  that took off  and gave us slack  and they're going to target AI professionals  and gave us slack  do you think slack the program is named after slack from church of subgenius  gotta be  wow I didn't think of that  and he's the dean  is he serious  he's got this thing he says in the article

Start time: 1865.54
End time: 1872.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  so I want to be in on the ground floor  and being nice  yes I want to be the collaborator  that's why he's the dean

Start time: 1875.00
End time: 1878.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  yeah that makes sense  and that's why he's just the dean

Start time: 1879.00
End time: 1880.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  he's a facilitator

Start time: 1881.00
End time: 1888.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  this is a dude who watched Avengers age of Ultron  so I'm going to back him  it's weird when you read the manifesto

Start time: 1893.00
End time: 1909.48
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  but I'm sorry with the timing of this  and the way it's all done  I can't help thinking he's pulling a hubbard  and I'm like oh yeah  I'm going to back him  I can't help thinking he's pulling a hubbard  and you know this is going to be the first Scientologist of the technology movement  or it's a joke and he has a lot of free time

Start time: 1910.50
End time: 1913.40
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  or he's sincere  there's three possibilities

Start time: 1914.54
End time: 1916.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  but the timing of this in relation to the court case is interesting

Start time: 1917.58
End time: 1960.91
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  that thing is going to drag on  he's got to do something in the meantime  he's obviously not hireable at this point  he says the idea needs to spread before the technology  the church is how we spread the word  the gospel if you believe it  then start a conversation with someone else  and help them understand the same things  now this you agreed with when I read this Phil  he says the change is coming  99.9% will say science fiction  actually it's inevitable  it's guaranteed  it's guaranteed  it's guaranteed  it's guaranteed  it's guaranteed

Start time: 1962.50
End time: 1967.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  it's guaranteed to happen  99.9% will say science fiction  that seems like an awfully precise number

Start time: 1969.02
End time: 1973.17
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  science fiction will a computer ever be as smart as a human  undoubtedly

Start time: 1974.50
End time: 1974.70
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  obviously

Start time: 1976.52
End time: 1976.70
Speaker: UNKNOWN
Transcript:  obviously

Start time: 1979.00
End time: 1989.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  I want to figure out how are you defining smart  are you defining it as the ability to synthesize in a great way  in creativity  will there be anything

Start time: 1990.54
End time: 1994.60
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  will there be any single thing  tennis  no

Start time: 1996.50
End time: 2003.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  not a single thing  are they going to teach themselves that  or will they find a way to eventually process

Start time: 2006.50
End time: 2079.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  look at AlphaGo  it's a really good template for this  when we talk about Deep Blue  Deep Blue was taught to play chess  not just given the rules  but given ways to weigh  and then all chess programs work like this  they said here's the rules of Go  just play it  they played millions of games and taught itself  and in fact interestingly I think  came up with a way to play that isn't  that master Go players say  you know this is beautiful  this is artistic  when you see a machine play chess  most chess players would agree  you can tell it's a machine  it's not human  it's mechanical  it's not art  but apparently  AlphaGo is a good enough Go player to judge this  but apparently AlphaGo plays in an artistic fashion  that is even innovative  that master Go players  like the world champion that it beat last year  or earlier this year I guess  say this is giving us new ideas  for how to play Go  so that's your answer  you can have machines that learn  at least in some constrained environments  so are you in the  I'm going to put you on the spot Lisa

Start time: 2080.50
End time: 2081.19
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Ian says yes

Start time: 2082.58
End time: 2088.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  as soon as people think  Phil says yes probably agrees sooner or later  that's two out of two

Start time: 2089.56
End time: 2091.48
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  teach him how to think and then the answer is probably yes

Start time: 2092.56
End time: 2119.30
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  yes and I say yes  so it's 100%  100% of people  so the course is wrong  how about in the studio audience  anybody  let's put it this way  can we give it a time frame  the next couple of hundred years  that a machine can't be developed  to be smarter than a human  anybody think that won't happen  zero hands

Start time: 2120.50
End time: 2123.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  will it be smarter than an octopus  might actually be the real question

Start time: 2124.54
End time: 2125.48
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  those things are coming

Start time: 2126.54
End time: 2129.23
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  they're really smart  I saw Finding Nemo

Start time: 2130.50
End time: 2130.70
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  smart

Start time: 2132.50
End time: 2139.36
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  Lewandowski is not wrong  in that there's a link between  and you know you're talking

Start time: 2140.52
End time: 2140.91
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  wait a minute

Start time: 2142.50
End time: 2242.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  there's a link  absolutely  the conception of divinity tends to change  as communication technologies change  and people move  and gods that oral cultures define  and then you take a look at how the concept of divinity shifts  once there's written language  and then you take a look at how there were cultural shifts in religion again  once Gutenberg hit the scene with printing presses and movable type  there's a  there's a sociological relationship between the way religions develop  and the way we conceive of god  because of our changing communications  because what you do is you go from having say oral transmission of information  which is very specific and very different and very time dependent  to something where it's written down  and the information is therefore freed from time  and that actually expands the definition of divinity for people too  because now their divine entity is uncoupled from time  and then when you get to pre-eminent information  and then you get to printing presses  and ubiquity of communications technologies  the definition of god expands what's one step ahead of that  it's probably turned it more into  it's moved towards AI to be frank  and it started in the 90s  because when the idea of having disintermediated communication  that was instantaneous and globe spanning  that transcended  that transcended the physical limitations of print  and so  of the physical world  I don't think it's coincidental  I think it's reflective  that you saw some ripples through different flavors of Christianity  that arose in response to this

Start time: 2243.58
End time: 2262.48
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  I'm speaking as someone who's baptized and confirmed as a Protestant  in the Church of England  Gutenberg was fundamental to that  because up until this point  there were very few Bibles  they were written in Latin  reading and going  but when Gutenberg came along

Start time: 2263.50
End time: 2268.69
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  it was kind of coincident with Luther  Martin Luther  50 years later the 95 theses were put up in the church

Start time: 2276.50
End time: 2296.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  the Mormons, the LDS has a huge problem with the internet  they're losing followers hand over fist  because people are actually reading the history of the church  and saying  we're all going to have a planet to ourselves when we die  and Joseph Smith got these gold books

Start time: 2297.56
End time: 2310.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  I think that actually the Broadway play Book of Mormon  has done more than the internet to break down the Mormon  and I don't want to diss the Mormon religion  I know many Mormons who are devout and actually good people  oh no, I mean this is the dichotomy

Start time: 2311.60
End time: 2316.15
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  they're all marvelous people  well to you

Start time: 2317.50
End time: 2318.46
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  do you believe in the Trinity?

Start time: 2319.99
End time: 2334.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  no, give me some proof  every religion has some interesting suppositions  I'm open to the idea of a god  but the idea that there is one book which contains the perfect explanation of what that is  let me continue on what Lisa is saying

Start time: 2335.50
End time: 2344.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  because it's kind of interesting  because as long as they've been humans we've had these beliefs  so there is some need for this

Start time: 2346.39
End time: 2357.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  you want explanations for things that make no sense  and you want a supportive community that you know that you belong to  and there are all sorts of reciprocal give and take relationships

Start time: 2358.54
End time: 2359.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  there's an evolutionary advantage in it

Start time: 2360.64
End time: 2370.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  so I will accept your contention that the means of communication has changed how we hold religion  I think that's very interesting

Start time: 2371.52
End time: 2372.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  it changes how we conceive of the divine too

Start time: 2373.52
End time: 2384.40
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  very interesting  does it make sense then that we'll look back at 100 years and say the internet era  created a new form of divinity, artificial intelligence  I don't think that's unreasonable

Start time: 2385.50
End time: 2390.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  it created a new conception of divinity  which is that it's a divinity that can process information and come up with things that are beyond our comprehension

Start time: 2391.50
End time: 2399.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  you wouldn't say that AI created the world  most religions have a creation myth  it understands it  what's the creation myth in the AI religion?

Start time: 2400.62
End time: 2439.13
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  so here's the problem with this stupid church  let's call it like it is  I agree  it's because it leads to this kind of discussion  where it combines whether or not AI is relevant or interesting for religion  that's a topic that we can talk about  what religion is not is useful and interesting for AI  this is setting AI back  what the industry doesn't need is another crackpot  using scary sounding words to try to alienate normal people  and make this seem like something other  I agree with you

Start time: 2440.62
End time: 2441.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  using the word god and so forth

Start time: 2442.52
End time: 2469.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  or church or dean  or pretending that this is  what I think people need  what society needs in order to make peace with AI  have it develop the way that it should develop  that we want it to develop  is actually to demystify it  it's actually completely understandable  and casting it  yes, because it's just numbers, it's just math  there's nothing magical or mystical about it

Start time: 2470.00
End time: 2496.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  it feels mystical though  it feels like there's an inflection point  for instance in AlphaGo  a touring machine or von Neumann machine  that is doing deterministic calculations  to something, there is a point at which it has played enough games  that it feels like  maybe this is very smushy human feelings  but it feels like it's crossed into a new realm  it's no longer a touring machine

Start time: 2497.55
End time: 2533.96
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  one of the biggest dangers in society over the next few decades  is tech fear, science fear  people being afraid of technology and science  and panicking about it  and that has the potential to do vast damage  to billions of people  we already see it in Apple's vaccine  and this bullsh** church makes that problem worse  because it's somebody coming up  and using mystical sounding language  and talking about the godhead in AI  it's too much hand waving  and it's meant to be not understandable  oh we want to worship this  we don't need to understand it  we can't control it

Start time: 2535.00
End time: 2535.96
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  it's outside of human comprehension

Start time: 2541.10
End time: 2554.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  it's much more important that people feel  that they actually do understand  and do control and can influence  the evolution of behavior of this thing  I think this is setting it back  now I think this is not a serious person  the effort is not going to be taken seriously

Start time: 2555.00
End time: 2569.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  I think he's trying to position people as pets  you've demolished it, it's over  I think this actually points to an attitude problem  that's pervasive through Silicon Valley  which is the idea that people who work in tech  are some sort of anointed or priestly caste  and everybody else is

Start time: 2570.00
End time: 2572.86
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  or that they're annoying douchebags  potato potato

Start time: 2574.66
End time: 2581.94
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  but what he's doing here is he's trying to make the argument  that either you can be part of the winning technology priestly caste  or you can be a pet or livestock

Start time: 2582.50
End time: 2586.46
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  Stephen Hawking says the development of full artificial intelligence  could spell the end of the human race

Start time: 2587.50
End time: 2597.48
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  true or false?  he's just trying to make us believe that that's not the case  pay no attention to the man behind the pointing stick

Start time: 2598.52
End time: 2605.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  oh that's interesting  but Elon says the same thing  there are a number of people who say  we were worried about AI

Start time: 2606.56
End time: 2645.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  sorry, up to you please  I'm just saying  I know Elon Musk reads Ian Banks  and the Ian Banks culture series  is the best possible way for how AI would work out  benevolent gods, keeping things running  making sure of human things  because this is why this church is so stupid  the Chinese are working on AI  all around the world people are working on AI systems  we're going to get a multiplicity of them  and we don't know how it's going to work out  if people keep a firm grip on it then fine  but there's going to be a lot of mistakes along the way

Start time: 2646.00
End time: 2670.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  last month Vladimir Putin said that the nation that leads in AI  will quote be the ruler of the world  to which Elon responded  it begins  competition for AI superiority at a national level  will most likely cause  World War III?  is that techno panic?  I think that's probably the definition of techno

Start time: 2671.22
End time: 2678.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  I think people misinterpret a lot of what Elon says  I don't think that Elon is saying this stuff to be particularly alarming or pessimistic

Start time: 2679.02
End time: 2685.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  it won't be a war like World War II was  it will be a competition though  we're seeing it already between these big nations

Start time: 2686.02
End time: 2691.90
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  I kind of think that national boundaries are not going to be as relevant in the future as they were in the past  that's one thing that happens with AI

Start time: 2693.00
End time: 2699.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  the question is what kind of cultural biases will cause AI to differentiate  because you're talking about companies

Start time: 2699.64
End time: 2703.38
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  will a Chinese AI act differently than an American AI or a Russian AI

Start time: 2704.54
End time: 2713.48
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  that's what I'd be interested in seeing  will they moderate their behavior when they run into each other?  will they learn from each other?  will they actually come up with their own set of biases that we can't anticipate?

Start time: 2714.50
End time: 2717.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  when is this going to happen Phil?  I just want to know if I'll be around to see this

Start time: 2718.52
End time: 2724.42
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  it's happening and it looks a lot less mysterious than I think people want to dramatize it

Start time: 2725.50
End time: 2732.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  because you work in it  you are less mystical about it and less perturbed about it  we do practical AI

Start time: 2733.34
End time: 2756.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  and it's not general AI probably, right?  there's no general intelligence  I think everything we do is  domain specific  but it's meant to be better than people  everything I work on starts out being vastly better than a human could be at its narrow job  paperclip in fact  it doesn't even pretend to be intelligent in any other aspect

Start time: 2757.00
End time: 2765.96
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  is this company nuts?  Boston Dynamics  Google used to own them, they sold them off  they now have a new dog  it's called the Spot Mini

Start time: 2767.24
End time: 2769.78
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  it's awesome  here it comes

Start time: 2771.29
End time: 2785.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  that was kind of obsessive  don't look at me  don't look at me like that  there I am anthropomorphizing it  it's not really  aren't they kind of anthropomorphizing it  or at least animalizing it  now allergic children can have pets

Start time: 2786.52
End time: 2793.15
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  yeah but you see they've miniaturized that  that's not us  friendly  you can cover it in fur

Start time: 2794.50
End time: 2795.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  you can actually act something on that carapace

Start time: 2798.54
End time: 2800.91
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  I had the first gen iBow  did you?

Start time: 2804.50
End time: 2805.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  and you can't jailbreak it

Start time: 2806.70
End time: 2823.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  what's the point?  it's a monthly charge  it was released in Japan a couple of weeks ago  I love iBow  it's got eyes that allow for nuanced expressions  more than I got  yeah I have maybe five

Start time: 2826.62
End time: 2827.44
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  here is a gadget video of iBow

Start time: 2830.54
End time: 2833.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  you don't need an AI dog for that  sharks would be the best with lasers

Start time: 2834.50
End time: 2834.70
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  yeah

Start time: 2836.54
End time: 2841.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  you can put a laser on a normal dog  you don't need an AI dog for that  sharks would be the best with lasers

Start time: 2842.56
End time: 2842.72
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  yeah

Start time: 2844.62
End time: 2845.48
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  sharks are disgusting

Start time: 2846.50
End time: 2857.11
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  it's like an ill-tempered bastard  iBow does have its ball again  remember that was one of the features of iBow  did you ever have the ball and have it play fetch  really did you buy it as a curiosity or as a toy  what were you thinking

Start time: 2858.50
End time: 2863.48
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  because it was thousands of dollars  I signed a contract with a universe that required me to buy every consumer robot

Start time: 2864.58
End time: 2881.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  I still have that contract  I signed it in blood so I can't stop  can't get out of it  I'm getting the jibo  which is the robot that sits on a table and looks around like this someday  that's from Cynthia Brazil who is a really legitimate robotics researcher from MIT

Start time: 2882.04
End time: 2885.94
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  sitting at a table and looking around is pretty much my signature move  it has all it's eyes

Start time: 2887.00
End time: 2903.48
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  it has actually a screen face  take pictures and talk with you  which is coming out in the next few months  I'm looking forward to getting our curry  it just rolls  but it isn't artificial intelligence in any respect

Start time: 2904.50
End time: 2935.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  nothing is artificial intelligence and everything is  when you get into the technology there isn't a specific bucket of things  that's like this is AI  we use the word in a design context  what products feel intelligent  what does it take to make something feel smart  what does it take to design a product that feels like it's getting smarter  that it's learning  it's a design essence  the algorithms those will change  it's the design of intelligence that's the super interesting thing for me

Start time: 2936.00
End time: 2957.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  well how about if not backends how about backflips  this is another Boston Robotics computer  oh I love this video  this thing is great  this is a humanoid computer  it's jumping onto boxes  and in a moment it's going to flip and do a backflip off a box here  let's see  and better than I certainly couldn't do any of this

Start time: 2957.99
End time: 2958.07
Speaker: UNKNOWN
Transcript:  whoa

Start time: 2960.27
End time: 2964.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  it did a perfect plant and then it raises its arms  it's a lovely bit of PR

Start time: 2965.96
End time: 2974.48
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  it kind of glosses over some major failings in the Atlas design that they've got there  if you've ever watched this thing try and walk across rubble  it's hilariously bad at it

Start time: 2975.50
End time: 2976.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  it's funny but that's a hard thing to do

Start time: 2979.50
End time: 2984.48
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  I like what Phil said which is that it won't be general intelligence  it'll be domain specific and very narrow

Start time: 2987.32
End time: 2992.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  is that it's designed to do something in a way that you don't have to think about it while you're using it

Start time: 2993.00
End time: 3008.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  there is a design change that's coming  and I actually think the most important thing in the medium term is the iPhone X  and the face recognition stuff  whoa okay  the iPhone X  it's definitively the X

Start time: 3009.00
End time: 3011.65
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  Apple opened that can of worms  it's an X

Start time: 3013.24
End time: 3050.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  is it Roman numeral 10 I guess  there's a way they could have made it unambiguous  a 1 and a 0  so what's going to start happening up to now  all technology it's always been the humans job to understand the product  and the flip that's happening now is it's going to be the technologies job to understand people  and the looking at your face and seeing what your expressions are  that's a big part of it  what we're seeing now is  we're at the beginning of a decade of a total redesign of every single product in the world  because they're all going to go towards understanding users and set it the other way around

Start time: 3051.50
End time: 3068.19
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  isn't that what we always had hope for  that was always the goal  which is that you wanted a computer program to adapt to you not vice versa  and yet every computer every bit of software we've had until very recently  you had to adapt your

Start time: 3069.82
End time: 3098.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  it isn't even adapt it's really see  when you're talking to a human  or even when you're interacting with like a dog like a pet dog  what dogs are really good at  the single evolutionary trick of dogs  is that they look at human faces  and they understand human emotion better than humans do  better than anything in the world  and only for humans  but they understand humans  this is what dogs do that's their shtick

Start time: 3099.12
End time: 3102.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  do they really understand human emotions or just look like they do

Start time: 3103.08
End time: 3112.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  so that's a really interesting question  because at some level they understand human emotion much better than a human does  they don't know what's going on

Start time: 3113.00
End time: 3118.73
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  well it helps that they can smell  the smelling helps too because they can actually detect hormonal shifts  it's all in

Start time: 3120.22
End time: 3122.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  they're sensing machines designed for a certain

Start time: 3125.18
End time: 3153.51
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  up to now basically no product has ever seen the user  a product has never seen you  has never tried to understand you  has never actually tried to engage in the way that a person or even a dog would  and now we're just at the beginning of that  and ten years from now most mainstream products are going to be  are going to have this kind of conversational and emotional intelligence  about who how they're interacting with people  and that's profound  this is full employment for every UX designer  every AI person

Start time: 3157.00
End time: 3183.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  we have a sponsor called Lighthouse Effect  time of flight 3D sensor  it has a camera  it has infrared  but what it does is interesting because they  you can make natural language queries of it  it can distinguish pets and humans  so you can have queries like  show me when a pet comes in without a human  or show me when a pet and a human come in  show me when a human comes in after two in the afternoon  and it's very accurate  that's what you're talking about

Start time: 3184.00
End time: 3186.96
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  more than that right just any time  show me when an unhappy human comes in

Start time: 3189.83
End time: 3200.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  oh god I dread that day  that's probably not that hard though right  well  I think it's really real time

Start time: 3201.50
End time: 3210.46
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  user experiences that adapt in real time  based on your micro emotional state  I see your anger Phil  well so potentially right

Start time: 3211.50
End time: 3214.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  but I think that's a good idea  I think that's a good idea

Start time: 3215.00
End time: 3234.98
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  well so potentially right  but other things as well  so like you could have a room  for example a conference room  that is aware of the emotional and cognitive content  of the conversations that are being held in it  and responds in real time to those conversations  in a way to try to improve their quality  I'm going to turn the lights down now

Start time: 3236.00
End time: 3236.98
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  because it's getting a little heavy

Start time: 3240.00
End time: 3241.00
Speaker: UNKNOWN
Transcript:  darn it there goes that job

Start time: 3242.04
End time: 3244.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  so who sets the goals for the room  who sets the goals for the room

Start time: 3245.54
End time: 3246.44
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  and decides on that though

Start time: 3247.56
End time: 3258.46
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  it's a good question  so initially me  in the medium term me  longer than that  it'll probably machine learn based on desired outcomes

Start time: 3259.50
End time: 3272.32
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  so that's what you would at a higher level  you would set an outcome  instead of saying what you want the room to do  you'd say look I'd like everybody to be able to  have a meeting where we get stuff done  and any conflict is reduced  and the machine says

Start time: 3273.56
End time: 3278.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  or conflict is escalated  maybe sometimes you want more conflict  depending on the outcome you want

Start time: 3279.54
End time: 3291.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  and the software can learn  well when I make the lights a little redder  we're going to talk about family holiday get togethers  in just a second  because apparently there are people who know

Start time: 3292.50
End time: 3297.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  about what you're doing this holiday season  if it's the research I'm thinking of  then we could have a humding of an argument

Start time: 3298.60
End time: 3334.96
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  I look forward to that  but first we're from our sponsor  this is more than a sponsor  we could practically put at the end of every show  Leo Laporte's wardrobe by Scott E. Vest  I'm a big fan of Scott E. Vest  I travel  it's my travel wear  even down to my underwear  they make actually Scott E. Vest underwear  that has a pocket  because all Scott E. Vest has a pocket  yeah it's great  you can wash it out in the sink and dry it  it really started with vests  with jackets photographers love them  Scott E. Vest because they have  my Scott E. Vest vest has I think 27 pockets

Start time: 3338.10
End time: 3338.98
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  it's like a tactical jacket

Start time: 3340.00
End time: 3343.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  and you can put stuff in them  they make my favorite hat

Start time: 3344.02
End time: 3347.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  I don't have a Scott E. Vest hat  they have a really nice baseball cap

Start time: 3348.00
End time: 3348.96
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  it's got a little pouch in it

Start time: 3350.00
End time: 3350.92
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  it's got two pockets

Start time: 3352.06
End time: 3368.98
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  it's got no logos  it's great  I don't like wearing people's logos  where you can hover your mouse over  the vest the jacket the shirt  they even have dresses for women  and see where the pockets are

Start time: 3370.00
End time: 3372.94
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  I kind of want that  I want the design with the stuff printed

Start time: 3374.14
End time: 3374.88
Speaker: UNKNOWN
Transcript:  I would wear that

Start time: 3376.00
End time: 3385.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  it had those graphics  yeah  I would wear that  I want that  I want that exact one with the graphics on it

Start time: 3386.00
End time: 3450.46
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  I love it  Scott Jordan calls it the personal area network  it has  you can run wires  you can have an iPhone in your pocket  and they go through conduits in the jacket  so they appear at your ears  and so your wires never get tangled  and never get lost  when you get to the airport  and you want to go through security  you just take off the vest and put it on the belt  if you ever run out of room in your luggage  like they say oh sir you're a kilogram over  hey boy having 27 pockets  I stuff my lenses in there  I'm sure you look like the Michelin man  but they let you through  they don't weigh you  and then yet  by the way they have an RFID blocking pocket  which is very important if you're traveling  you can put your passport in there  and nobody can read your passport  or skim your credit card  it blocks the 13.56 MHz frequencies  that's how specific it is  the weight management system means  you can balance it all out  so you don't look like the Michelin man  unless you put like  lenses in your pockets

Start time: 3453.60
End time: 3454.48
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  I think he looks great

Start time: 3455.66
End time: 3492.30
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  nothing wrong with that  they've got jackets  they've got shirts  they've got pants  they've got dresses  they've got boxer shorts  I own and wear them all  you should see my closet  it's just all Scottie vest  I love this this is the one I wore to France  the one with the red piping  I love that jacket  the pleats jacket 8.0  the Scottie vest jacket for women  which is really nice  it's heavily weighted fleece so it keeps you warm  21 pockets  but if you have to cool off removable sleeves  the Quest vest

Start time: 3493.70
End time: 3498.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  get this  I like that trench  I have a girlfriend who has that

Start time: 3499.50
End time: 3565.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  the Quest vest has 42 pockets  and is Teflon treated for water and stain resistant  actually there are so many pockets  I lose things in the pockets  the tracker is very helpful  I literally  if you're doing any traveling this is the best apparel you could pack  Johnny Jed our travel guy loves Scottie vest  he uses their vests  to do things like hide money  forget the money belt  you need a Scottie vest  Scottie vest has a great deal right now for twit fans  a private opportunity to their huge Cyber Monday sale  it's coming up a week from Monday  a week from tomorrow  but you can get in now  you can save 30% on almost everything  by going to Scottievest.com slash twit  and use the promo code cyber twit  it's not Cyber Monday it's Cyber twit  and you'll get an extra 30% off  Scottie vest great gifts for you and your loved ones  to your manufacturer guarantee  and 30% off if you use the promo code cyber twit  Scottie vest dot com slash twit  I think we're all Scottie vest users  that's the fun thing about an advertiser

Start time: 3568.22
End time: 3571.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  and that's an unforgivable omission  they have a water bottle pocket

Start time: 3572.00
End time: 3575.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  you know I like they have a key fob  which I always attach my keys to

Start time: 3576.06
End time: 3578.37
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  as far as you stick your soylent  yeah

Start time: 3580.00
End time: 3592.96
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  I have carried soylent in my  yes in my Scottie vest  can you get it through customs  soylent they don't bother you  I just say this is my magic food  no I've never had problems with soylent  that's an interesting question

Start time: 3595.83
End time: 3604.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Marmite  I might have swiped for explosives last time  really?  yeah  I came through LAX and a British journal

Start time: 3607.50
End time: 3608.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  why would smuggling Marmite be an issue

Start time: 3609.50
End time: 3612.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  well Marmite actually is an explosive  please it's explosive on your taste buds

Start time: 3613.54
End time: 3622.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  I was going to say  you guys are so weird  it's a byproduct of beer production  it's yeast  and the beer makers in Britain said

Start time: 3623.68
End time: 3628.44
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  what can we do with this  soylent is a byproduct of beer production  yeah there is that

Start time: 3629.50
End time: 3666.36
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  it all started in Egypt many many years ago  so we like the iPhone X  of course the rumor  and by the way so does the public  it seems to be selling quite well  at least as best we can see  the iPhone 8 actually sold alright  the iPhone 8 Plus  that's a disappointing early sales  well the 8 the little one didn't sell that well  the iPhone 8 Plus sold okay  surprisingly well given that in a month  you would be able to get an iPhone X  and one lesson Apple's learned is  oh go ahead and charge a lot  nobody seems to mind the thousand dollar price tag  we thought that was a line too far  people aren't buying cars

Start time: 3667.50
End time: 3668.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  so they have money to buy phones

Start time: 3670.15
End time: 3714.16
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  and now the question and Ming-Chi Kuo  of course the supply chain analyst  from KGI Securities  he says there will be next time  late 2018 as usual a year from now  three iPhones with the iPhone X form factor  but interestingly two with OLEDs  and one inexpensive one  so there will be a 6.1 inch model  and that will have a lower resolution LCD screen  and then a giant  and I think everybody who has an iPhone X  well not everybody but many who have an iPhone X  would like this 6.5 inch iPhone X  yes please  although I love the size  but I think a little bigger might not be so bad  and a 5.8 inch which is a little smaller than this one

Start time: 3715.50
End time: 3716.46
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  and it's all going to go to face stuff

Start time: 3717.50
End time: 3720.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  and it will be no more home button  that makes sense you can't keep doing that old

Start time: 3721.91
End time: 3726.46
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  it's all new UI  the motion detection on the face stuff  is far more important than unlocking your phone

Start time: 3727.60
End time: 3732.42
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  and it's going to power everything  so you got to tell me about that  you started talking about that

Start time: 3735.50
End time: 3776.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  well when you've understood something  what you're looking at  where your attention is  Apple has put out pretty strict guidelines  for any kind of targeted advertising or analytics  because you could do heat mapping  you could do all sorts of stuff  so that's all stuff that's got to get worked out  and it's obviously super easy to see  the super creepy ways that this could go  but the idea that every product is going to know  when you've understood something  and you're going to be able to do that  and you're going to be able to do that  and you're going to be able to do that  is something that's really interesting  and when you haven't  it's deep, it's a big thing

Start time: 3777.06
End time: 3778.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  Scott Jordan's in the chat room

Start time: 3779.02
End time: 3785.92
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  Scott can you make me one  that has all the printing on it  I totally want that  I believe that would be a best seller

Start time: 3787.00
End time: 3789.98
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  the x-ray is on the outside  so this is where we're glass

Start time: 3791.00
End time: 3797.94
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  I want the white with the things printed on it  just like it looks on the side  I just want that for real  I would wear that all the time

Start time: 3799.08
End time: 3802.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  that is so chic  I think I've designed the next Scott Evers

Start time: 3803.00
End time: 3806.59
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  I don't know, someone who's basically showing the mugger where to go  so you know

Start time: 3808.00
End time: 3817.98
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  so if this is the new UI, the new way of being  obviously iPads got to go that way too  I would wait to buy an iPad until the spring  because that would be an awesome iPad  an iPhone X sized iPad

Start time: 3819.00
End time: 3829.98
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  how does it handle with iPads  they're often communal machines  especially in families with small kids  well I was going to say  if we're moving to a facial recognition system  how does it handle multi-use

Start time: 3831.00
End time: 3837.86
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  you could say oh I see it's Lisa using it today  or I see it's your daughter  you can't do it right now  I don't know why not

Start time: 3839.00
End time: 3848.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  you can certainly do it with Google  home products at the moment  with voice  they can differentiate between different accents  in the house and then tailor their

Start time: 3849.00
End time: 3860.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  you can have different Google accounts  so when you use it  it puts Ian's Google account  right now with Amazon Echo  you have to explicitly say switch

Start time: 3861.06
End time: 3865.92
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  we're moving to Amazon as well  and this is the next logical step  you could do it with fingerprint now

Start time: 3867.00
End time: 3867.90
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  it would be interesting with faces

Start time: 3869.00
End time: 3875.98
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  there's often age considerations  if you have a small child  though children's faces change a lot  Apple says that

Start time: 3877.02
End time: 3904.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  we've seen spoofing the iPhone X face ID  with young people  there's a video of a mom and her 10 year old  and they look enough alike  and the 10 year old's face is not fully formed yet  and so as a result  he can't do it  and he can't unlock her phone  we've also seen it with 3D printed masks  that's weird though  the scanner  then they had to print out a 3D printed model  if there's not already a subreddit devoted to it

Start time: 3905.14
End time: 3907.94
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  there will be by the end of today  I guarantee you that

Start time: 3909.00
End time: 3937.67
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  our security guy said  I will not use face ID on the iPhone X  he said I do not trust it  by the way I brought you a bottle of Marmite  I smuggled it into the country  get this man some toast  get some eggs  I'll open it later  Steve Gibson said  I love Steve  sometimes a tinfoil hat  because he's a security guy  he knows the risks  but he says I will never use face ID  I do not trust it

Start time: 3939.00
End time: 3966.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  I will use the password on my iPhone X  he did order an iPhone X  I'm just saying that with a lot of computing  especially in a home context  and especially as you shift to smart home  one of the challenges  is to switch between different users  in a way that's still context  and user appropriate  but my daughter can't decide to spite order  the Barbie Dream House  because I said no  but she can still access it for something else

Start time: 3967.00
End time: 3978.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  but I totally think they have to do it on an iPad  and wouldn't that be awesome  you pick up the iPad and it says  oh configure this for your 12 year old  oh configure this for mom  that would be a great product

Start time: 3979.39
End time: 3983.88
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  I don't know  because I don't have a human family to care about  I enjoy the air quotes

Start time: 3985.00
End time: 3987.57
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  what kind of family do you have to care about  honestly

Start time: 3989.00
End time: 3997.45
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  I think the unlocking your device  is literally the least interesting thing  no it's the context  for now yeah

Start time: 3999.00
End time: 4015.48
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  I think that actually is very interesting  I'm going to be curious to see as someone who doesn't have any internet of things devices in their house quite deliberately  quite how this is going to affect those people that don't buy into the ecosystem  and at what point it's going to become so inconvenient not to use this  you basically have to

Start time: 4018.50
End time: 4045.96
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  because they've already demonstrated for example  it's good to be a Whole Foods customer this month  because Amazon's knocked down prices  they've started their stuff in stores  they've already changed shopper behaviors in several fundamental ways over the last decade  they're going to start tying in a lot of behavior incentives  for you to have them in the house with the speakers constantly accessible  and making them your first line of inquiry  there's going to be a strong financial incentive attached to it

Start time: 4047.04
End time: 4059.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  what happens to people who say today  oh I'm not going to use the internet  it's too much and the internet is very much an intrusion  yes it's very hard to be private on the internet  you can even take it off the internet for example

Start time: 4060.00
End time: 4093.78
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  how about grocery store cards  because people who opt out of grocery store loyalists  can pay up to 30% more than people who are like  yes I'm totally fine with this corporation  collecting data on everything I sell  on everything I buy  and selling it to every party  I'm totally fine with my insurer being able to subpoena that information  and use it against me  as has happened  I always thought that was a straw man  because I would like to be able to buy my Campbell's soup too for $5  instead of paying $3 apiece

Start time: 4094.50
End time: 4099.40
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  that's very high in sodium  you probably shouldn't be  we can't give you insurance

Start time: 4100.54
End time: 4116.48
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  I'm just saying that people tend to respond to what they see as a perceived value  or perceived discount  people will pay more  because in their brain they're like  oh free shipping I save money  therefore I'm free to spend it someplace else

Start time: 4117.50
End time: 4118.46
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  Amazon Prime is all about that

Start time: 4119.50
End time: 4134.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  exactly and Amazon will just take it further  on an annual basis  if you buy this $150 appliance once  and someone's like  oh that amortizes over three years  that they'll be habituated to over that time

Start time: 4135.00
End time: 4140.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  there's no doubt in my mind  and in fact actually Amazon is now  entering Whole Foods

Start time: 4141.02
End time: 4145.94
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  I can choice to naps as a correction  on where I can get the soup for cheaper  yes by the way Dollar Tree

Start time: 4147.00
End time: 4154.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  it's only a dollar at the Dollar Tree  and they're not tracking you  because nobody wants to be able to  be a dollar tree shoppers

Start time: 4155.00
End time: 4161.98
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  American Canned Soup is so loaded  full of sugar and salt  I wouldn't even let that anywhere near my lips  in the first place

Start time: 4163.00
End time: 4166.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  you eat this my friend  there's no excuse at all

Start time: 4167.06
End time: 4189.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  you say marmite's healthy  full of vitamin B  two slices of that will give someone  if you're planning on having kids  two slices of marmite toast  all the folic acid you'll need for the day  folic acid is very important  B12 it's vegetarian  it's basically brewers yeast and flavorings  it's  would you like to smell it?

Start time: 4190.00
End time: 4190.98
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  no I've had lots of marmite

Start time: 4192.02
End time: 4193.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_03
Transcript:  oh you like it that's right

Start time: 4194.12
End time: 4194.67
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  yes it's

Start time: 4196.30
End time: 4197.84
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  I always assumed it was petroleum based but

Start time: 4199.04
End time: 4206.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  this is an old bottle of marmite  is that okay?  it doesn't go off  it concentrates and gets better with age

Start time: 4207.00
End time: 4212.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  it doesn't go off  the thing with a five year lifespan

Start time: 4214.00
End time: 4238.73
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  apple says the home pod will not be ready in time for the holidays  that's kind of a big miss for apple  this is their three or four hundred dollar  speaker that has siri built in  they touted the room adapting sound blah blah blah  next year  all the company said was the production process needs a little more time to bake  they do bake them

Start time: 4240.04
End time: 4242.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  I knew they baked them  they do look a little bit like

Start time: 4243.58
End time: 4272.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  they are really mind-blowing  they are mostly baked  this is going to be a hugely crowded market especially this holiday season  for Amazon of course and Google they're going to head to head  Harman Kardon has one using Cortana  I don't think that's going to be  that's going to be an awesome rant  but Amazon has all these different form factors  although they told me that my orb  that it's delayed  you're really comfortable having a computer with a camera on your bedside table

Start time: 4273.02
End time: 4273.27
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  absolutely

Start time: 4275.00
End time: 4279.98
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  if anyone hacks it they've brought that on themselves  whatever they see

Start time: 4281.43
End time: 4282.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  that's their fault

Start time: 4283.10
End time: 4283.92
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  my eyes are brain bleached

Start time: 4285.02
End time: 4289.85
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  I'm off the grid now  once a decade apple releases a product that I just don't care about

Start time: 4293.43
End time: 4308.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  and this is it  this is the one for this decade  I think ten years ago with some other speakers  hi-fi  it's a pretty good ratio  once a decade they announce a product  I don't understand why I should care about this

Start time: 4309.00
End time: 4317.82
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  they're coming into a very crowded market  Amazon has got its stuff  they're coming into it late  more expensive

Start time: 4319.06
End time: 4320.94
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  and Siri is frankly not as good as Amazon or Google voice services

Start time: 4322.00
End time: 4331.32
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  traditionally apple has either led from the front in certain cases  or taken existing adult technologies  and just done them better  much better

Start time: 4332.54
End time: 4372.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  I thought the really innovative thing they were doing was actually putting together a dashboard for the many many other smart home  well that's the I think that's the larger story  because that was the biggest problem I've seen with all of your smart garage door opener  and your smart lights and your smart doors and your smart this and your smart that  is the expectation that you are literally going to spend half an hour every day opening and monkeying with all of these different apps  and so when apple rolled out the home app it was basically we have all this stuff in one place just one tap  and you can go through and customize your life  and I thought well this makes sense  and this is right within apple's wheelhouse of we're going to shape this experience  so it's really frictionless for you  I thought that's where they were  I honestly thought that's where they were headed

Start time: 4373.00
End time: 4390.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  and the IOT developers I've talked to said they don't want to develop for home kit  that's too hard compared to Amazon  and this is why even a few months delay on the home pod is actually a problem for apple  because they've already fallen far behind  and this is a race there you know it's as if they're saying we're not going to even  we're going to go ahead lap us a few more times

Start time: 4391.52
End time: 4394.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  let's just get on with the AR stuff  let's like let's put the smart speakers aside

Start time: 4395.52
End time: 4424.73
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  well they're smart and of course the rumor is that in a couple of years apple will have some spectacles  that will have AR built in and that would be a killer product  and it may you know air pods you could talk to Siri  I love air pods  I just got the Google pixel buds  these are kind of these are like I don't know a poor man's air pods  they don't quite work as well and you know they showed off the translation thing  we tried this with Russian earlier before the show and it didn't work very well  it's not great

Start time: 4426.00
End time: 4429.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  I don't like the form factor I think ear pods are a bad form factor for translators

Start time: 4430.02
End time: 4452.38
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  I love the idea though if you put in a temple piece of some spectacles  maybe you get a certain maybe like a fish  well you know that's that's why it's kind of fascinating the science fiction so influences Silicon Valley  clearly the reason they're looking at in ears solutions is because of Douglas Adams  they're just trying to reinvent that they that's a good idea

Start time: 4453.62
End time: 4455.73
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  that horrible thing they dropped into Chekhov's ear and Wrath of Khan

Start time: 4457.70
End time: 4458.40
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  that's a good idea

Start time: 4459.34
End time: 4469.90
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  that came straight from the night gallery ear wig episode  don't know no yeah that's a nightmare right there that's worse than any dog like robot

Start time: 4471.00
End time: 4486.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  it's going to be interesting with AR because when you think about it  Apple effectively killed like the the mid the low to mid market digital camera  with the iPhone  with the iPhone because people stopped schlepping around both their $300 digital camera and their phone  because their phone the pictures were not as good but they were good enough

Start time: 4486.74
End time: 4493.36
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  the camera on the on the 10 is nice yeah it's nice and the new portrait mode is like instant instant Morrissey album covers

Start time: 4496.64
End time: 4507.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  with AR to see if they manage to do the same thing where they they they come up with a product ecosystem that is unobtrusive enough and ubiquitous enough  where they manage to define and shape human behavior that way too

Start time: 4508.50
End time: 4532.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  I think honestly Apple are in a good position to do that because the was so far into the hype hype cycle that  it's going to be at least two to three years before you can get consumer AR technology which works which is has a battery life which is  a lot of problems less than a hummingbird's you know belch but it's just you know it's getting it down to that small form factor  and I don't see any evidences yet that we're any closer than two years away from that

Start time: 4533.00
End time: 4536.51
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  do you think it'll go faster if we all start pronouncing it RRRR  I want RRRR now

Start time: 4538.16
End time: 4542.05
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  yeah but then you just get it over one eye and you'd be RRRR  that's it

Start time: 4544.03
End time: 4545.48
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  actually that would reduce the hardware though

Start time: 4546.52
End time: 4556.08
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  oh you'd look like you were accusing Borg it would be so great  that is the design goal  that is the design goal  something that's in your glass is you flip it down and then you flip it up

Start time: 4557.64
End time: 4564.07
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  there's a lot of opportunities  like a like a like a robot parrot that you just have in your shoulder  it's in my hook

Start time: 4565.24
End time: 4565.82
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  and go from there

Start time: 4567.00
End time: 4578.56
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  yeah I mean Magic Leap have burnt through a billion and a half over this and we're nowhere close to our growth  you know it's not money is it  Google's chucking billions at it you know Facebook is chucking billions at it and wasting large chunks of it

Start time: 4580.00
End time: 4587.96
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  and what about as we talked about earlier China, Russia  yeah  we're not completely up on what's happening in these countries I know China's working very hard on this

Start time: 4589.84
End time: 4594.20
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  so  and if past experiences isn't anything to go by China will do it better or at least cheaper

Start time: 4595.50
End time: 4599.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  and then allow something to go by  but will it play in the US market will it play in the European market will it play in the West

Start time: 4600.50
End time: 4611.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  I think you don't have to look at necessarily as consumer markets you can also ask yourself how um what industries are going to boost this  or whether this is going to penetrate secondary and college level education

Start time: 4613.50
End time: 4621.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  by the way Beatmaster points out that the Babel Fish was actually the final proof of the non-existence of God  so it's we've come full circle

Start time: 4622.50
End time: 4627.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  although the person that did come to that conclusion then went on to prove that black wasn't white and got killed at the next pedestrian crossing

Start time: 4628.50
End time: 4631.89
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  oh you've read it and memorized it  this is where AI overlords come in

Start time: 4635.80
End time: 4691.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  I read the Hitchhiker's Guide right as I was learning English  oh what a good way to learn it  it was one of the first books I read in English and I still didn't quite learn no English but I was like I remember reading that book  I read it many times since then  must have been puzzling  I remember like the words clicking in my head  because I remember seeing it not understanding and then I remember seeing it understanding  and there's one phrase in particular that just like wedges itself in my head  when it's near the beginning of the first book when the Volgaan ships show up to destroy the earth  spoiler warning  they do  for a book that's 30 odd years old  and there's a line that says something like  the Volgaan ships hung in the air in exactly the way that bricks don't  it's like I was a little kid reading it I was learning the language  something about that made me think it's a beautiful sentence  hung in the air in exactly the way that bricks don't

Start time: 4692.50
End time: 4697.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  that is exactly Douglas' sense of humor and his style and I love that  I love it that it made English click for you

Start time: 4698.50
End time: 4701.26
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  like that line  that's amazing

Start time: 4704.50
End time: 4721.36
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  but I've got like a second or third edition of the paperback when it came out  and with the Volgaans it said when they first emerged from the seas and lay  climbing and panting on the virgin and then it breaks shores of their planet  but it was just like  I like this this is funny

Start time: 4723.50
End time: 4728.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  well as some people know  it was originally a BBC radio play

Start time: 4729.54
End time: 4742.38
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  and the radio plays are very different and I highly recommend it  and they're restarting  they're restarting?  yep there are going to be more Hitchhiker's Guide episodes coming down the line very shortly indeed  and trust me I can't wait

Start time: 4743.94
End time: 4749.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  I wonder if the Internet Archive has the original  yes it does it looks like the BBC radio plays

Start time: 4750.74
End time: 4767.82
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  oh just get them from the BBC  you can buy them  and the radio shows I mean they're obviously widely pirated but the BBC is worth paying for  actually yeah give them a little something  like a few tuppence  well if I could buy my BBC license fee  but you know what's crap?

Start time: 4769.04
End time: 4781.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  is BBC America  that deserves to go out of business because they put ads  they take BBC things which are not meant to have ads in them  they ruin it by shoving ads in it  that must cease to exist but I agree

Start time: 4782.00
End time: 4790.14
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  and also they show some really bad shows  Are You Being Served is huge over here and it's a shamefully poor show  at least they're not showing too many fights in the packet of crisps

Start time: 4791.50
End time: 4792.36
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  that would have been just the nadir

Start time: 4793.50
End time: 4805.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  it's 1970s level and Benny Hill  of all the great British comedians out there  is Benny Hill still legal?  I would hope but it's getting close to that  but I mean it's just like of all the great British comedy series you have Benny Hill and Are You Being Served

Start time: 4806.50
End time: 4807.11
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  of all the things

Start time: 4810.52
End time: 4814.44
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  I think actually it's a reflection of what you Brits really think of us  I'll give them that they'll love it

Start time: 4815.00
End time: 4821.88
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  well we did manage to sell 40 Towers to the Germans  that is so remarkable

Start time: 4823.08
End time: 4825.92
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  they don't think it's a comedy  that's the funny thing

Start time: 4827.02
End time: 4829.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  I do enjoy how one of your footy shows is called Don't Mention the Score

Start time: 4832.02
End time: 4832.76
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  even Monty Python

Start time: 4834.00
End time: 4835.98
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  what's the best English comedy that we haven't seen

Start time: 4837.02
End time: 4838.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  Prime Minister Questionnaire

Start time: 4841.04
End time: 4847.98
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Prime Minister's Questionnaire  that's not a comedy but okay  yes Minister and yes Prime Minister  yes Minister is good

Start time: 4849.00
End time: 4853.88
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  both very good  I like the IT crowd is quite good  the IT crowd is very good

Start time: 4855.10
End time: 4859.57
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  I like Blackadder  I like 2012 a lot  2012 was very good

Start time: 4861.02
End time: 4866.80
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  but I mean certainly the second series of Blackadder has to be  Blackadder  up there on some of the best

Start time: 4868.00
End time: 4870.94
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  I'm always going to lobby for Space  I've seen it

Start time: 4872.04
End time: 4874.46
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Space you've never seen it  at least Simon Pegg

Start time: 4875.54
End time: 4876.48
Speaker: SPEAKER_03
Transcript:  Red Dwarf season 3 and 4

Start time: 4877.50
End time: 4881.42
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  Bobby Llewellyn is a good friend of the show  also Black Books

Start time: 4884.52
End time: 4885.46
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  which is genuinely hilarious

Start time: 4886.60
End time: 4888.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  I'm going to have to listen to this podcast and write everything down

Start time: 4889.50
End time: 4901.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  there's one called the Book Club  I'll watch anything with Michelle Gomez  I loved Greenwing which I think is not as highly rated as it should be  and Michelle Gomez is fantastic in that  and she's been very good in Doctor Who  and basically if she's in anything I'll watch it

Start time: 4902.00
End time: 4906.88
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  there's actually a really good Russian sitcom  no I'm just kidding  I'm just kidding there isn't

Start time: 4908.00
End time: 4908.90
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  do Russians even have sitcoms

Start time: 4910.00
End time: 4916.35
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  no idea  get yourself the DVD set and splurge on it  it's on Netflix

Start time: 4918.04
End time: 4922.69
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  it's on Netflix  Carsten knows  it's a comedy

Start time: 4924.46
End time: 4927.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  it's how Simon wrote Peg and Edgar Wright first got started

Start time: 4928.95
End time: 4938.25
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  so it's early Simon Pegg  and Nick Frost as well  it is listed as one of the top 25 best comedy TV shows streaming on Netflix right now

Start time: 4942.50
End time: 4947.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Nick Frost also did a thing called Man Stroke Woman  you've seen the Man Cold thing

Start time: 4948.50
End time: 4959.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  Man Cold is one of my favorite sketches  I really got into, on Netflix I got into  the original title was called Scroddle Recall  and they had to change it

Start time: 4961.03
End time: 4963.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  rightly so  although that's pretty funny

Start time: 4966.25
End time: 4969.32
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  I'm spacing with the actual title, it's on Netflix

Start time: 4970.56
End time: 4973.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  Chat Room Scroddle Recall  what is it actually called

Start time: 4975.53
End time: 4976.63
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  you know what it's Coupling

Start time: 4978.50
End time: 4979.48
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  Last of the Summer Wine

Start time: 4982.50
End time: 4987.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  Love Sick, Love Sick  I haven't even heard of that  it's very funny

Start time: 4988.48
End time: 5010.98
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  somebody said that's not the Kevin Spacey show Scroddle Recall  let's take a break  maybe a good time to do that  libel rules being the way they are  just one of many programs on the Twitter network  we would love for you to sample some of the others  nothing as good as Spaced  but maybe this small movie will influence your opinion watch

Start time: 5012.00
End time: 5023.32
Speaker: SPEAKER_01
Transcript:  previously on Twitter  it really sucks that The Martian is completely unsequelable  because I'm sure people would love to have more and more books with Mark Watney  back to Mars  like no, fight me

Start time: 5025.89
End time: 5032.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  triangulation  Andy Weir is here  he is the author of The Martian  and he has a new book

Start time: 5033.50
End time: 5048.49
Speaker: SPEAKER_01
Transcript:  believe it or not, Artemis is actually more true to real science than The Martian is  but it takes place further in the future  Martian takes place in the 2030s  Artemis takes place in the 2090s  it's a little silly but you could argue that it's economic fiction  Tech News Weekly

Start time: 5050.38
End time: 5057.66
Speaker: SPEAKER_00
Transcript:  we'll have a chat with once the star of Stargate Atlantis, David Hewlett  about what it takes to produce an 80s film in 2017

Start time: 5059.00
End time: 5073.44
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  he just had so much fun with it  it's hard not to get wrapped up in that stuff  we did those tests and my wife said  you can't do that  I'm sorry  technology is obscene

Start time: 5074.50
End time: 5276.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  now the mystery really has gotten  technology isn't always pretty but we are  oh boy, I'm going to have to watch that Hewlett interview  yes please tune in to our shows all of them all week long  you can find them all at twit.tv  our show today brought to you by  WordPress  last year or early this year  they were touting that 27% of the web runs on WordPress  it is now 29%  and I'm going to take credit for that additional 2%  right here right now  but that is an amazing number  29% of the internet runs on WordPress  I've been using WordPress since well the early 2000s  back in the Matt Mullenweg days  when it was just first began  I loved it, ran it on my own server  but I've moved to WordPress.com  because that way they host it which is great  and by the way their hosting is very affordable  and they service it  they keep it up to date  they keep the plugins up to date  they add great features like HTTPS  so my site is secure  they have fabulous social plugins  so that when somebody visits the site  and wants to share it  you may, if you're a business  and you have a presence on Facebook and Twitter  that's all well and good  but you've got to have a website  that has a nice name  and WordPress can make that easy  you don't need experience  you don't need to know web technologies  you don't need to hire somebody  you can do it all yourself very quickly  WordPress.com will guide you through the process  they take care of all the technical pieces  you choose a beautiful template  there are hundreds  and by the way you can change it any time  again and again  you get built in search engine optimization  that's something people pay money for  you don't need that  you put a follow button up  and you're going to get traffic  just from the WordPress community  which is fantastic  their business plans let you access  hundreds of plugins and themes  a great customer support team  I actually used them a couple of times  and they're really good  WordPress experts  and they're really eager  to help you get the most out of your site  24 hours a day  Monday through Friday, weekends too  come see why 29% of all websites  run on WordPress  you get started today with 15% off any new plan  purchase at WordPress.com slash twit  it's where I run my blog  leolaport.com  and I just I love it  you'll love it too  you got to do it  you got it  you're not real in this world  we thank you for their support  to the iPhone face  now let us take over the universe  where should we go with this  Amazon  we haven't talked much about Amazon  anything to say about them  they've started to put pop-up stores  I was about to talk about this actually  at the  at the Whole Foods  you go into Whole Foods now in a lot of places  and you can buy Kindles and stuff

Start time: 5279.00
End time: 5285.43
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  oh yeah they have the rights to  and it's just you can just see this coming  it's going to be great  $250 million

Start time: 5287.00
End time: 5295.82
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  when you spend that quarter of a billion dollars  merely for the rights  I need to see this debate  it's going to be great  I agree with you

Start time: 5297.00
End time: 5301.76
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  how could they muck it up  an entire season of Tom Bombadil's backstory  what would be better than that

Start time: 5303.08
End time: 5305.34
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  Tom Bombadil  goes to Amazon's cashier list store

Start time: 5306.54
End time: 5307.17
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  that's going to be great

Start time: 5310.81
End time: 5311.13
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  that's true

Start time: 5312.52
End time: 5313.44
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  he does not appear in any of the movies

Start time: 5316.50
End time: 5317.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  all I remember is him singing endlessly

Start time: 5318.52
End time: 5321.46
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  over and over again  his little Tom Bombadil song

Start time: 5322.93
End time: 5323.34
Speaker: UNKNOWN
Transcript:  great

Start time: 5324.52
End time: 5325.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  I want all Tom Bombadil all the time

Start time: 5327.70
End time: 5336.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  Tom Bombadil the real story  they're going to do prequels  it won't be  I presume it's not going to start with The Hobbit  what did they buy the rights to specifically

Start time: 5339.00
End time: 5350.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  the Hobbit is not Lord of the Rings  the head of the Tolkien estate has resigned  do they have the rights to the Cimmerillian  and all of the lore  I hope not  I don't want to see the Cimmerillian

Start time: 5353.00
End time: 5353.69
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Peter Jackson never had it

Start time: 5355.00
End time: 5357.71
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  he only had Lord of the Rings  and The Hobbit

Start time: 5360.50
End time: 5365.84
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  set in Middle Earth the adaptation produced by Amazon Studios will explore new storylines preceding The Fellowship of the Ring

Start time: 5370.54
End time: 5375.46
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  not just making fiction  it could be between The Hobbit

Start time: 5376.50
End time: 5379.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  Sharon Tell  those fascinating years when Frodo sat at home

Start time: 5380.60
End time: 5382.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  exactly  you can find out what else is going on

Start time: 5383.50
End time: 5385.46
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  Sharon Tell Aguado who is the head of scripted series for Amazon Studios said

Start time: 5386.50
End time: 5416.42
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  we are honored to be working with The Hobbit  Harper Collins and New Line  it's great  New Line is a movie making enterprise  Harper Collins is the American publisher  and of course The Tolkien Estate  on this exciting collaboration for television  you know that's a really good question  is it going to be existing content  because there is a similar line  there's a ton of it right  or is it going to be some new world entirely  you could do a lot of stuff  and it's going to be a lot of content  the lost stuff is huge

Start time: 5417.50
End time: 5426.46
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  you could do a lot with that  ever since they lost the plot with the books  it's just ruined the series  some might argue

Start time: 5427.50
End time: 5432.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  Game of Thrones  look at Star Wars with the difficulty of prequels

Start time: 5433.56
End time: 5436.48
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  that's only because George Lucas was involved  well also with the new Star Wars thing

Start time: 5441.50
End time: 5460.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  that Middle Earth has had this fall from grace  and the whole point is to restore all this  stuff that has fallen into dark  and despair and so on and so forth  if you're going to have a prequel  where The Fellowship of the Ring is necessary  or are you just kind of like  that's all background noise  it could be second age

Start time: 5461.60
End time: 5468.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  soap opera set in The Hobbit's  it could be way before Hobbit's right  because this is all like third age  this is pretty intense nerdy stuff

Start time: 5469.50
End time: 5470.48
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  it sounds like it's after The Hobbit

Start time: 5471.50
End time: 5480.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  but before The Lord of the Rings  that's as Sauron is assembling himself  the whole Sauron storyline  you could go on and on with that  Gandalf is off doing stuff

Start time: 5481.77
End time: 5486.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  what's Gandalf been doing right  that's a good one he disappeared right  he was in the tower the white wizard for a while

Start time: 5487.68
End time: 5494.19
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  no well that's after  Gandalf's been coming back once in a while  to get the finest food in the Shire  but yeah but otherwise

Start time: 5495.50
End time: 5496.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  so we don't know what he's up to

Start time: 5497.50
End time: 5504.46
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  I'm super excited by this  he was hanging with Jesus and the dinosaurs  they have done with Game of Thrones

Start time: 5505.50
End time: 5506.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  he's got a lot of smoky and strength though

Start time: 5511.50
End time: 5514.21
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  there's not nearly the nudity  and I appreciated that

Start time: 5515.50
End time: 5528.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  we need to do a season of Game of Thrones  based entirely on stories about the Iron Bank  I know you want to know more about the Iron Bank  I want to know about the finance right  I want all Iron Bank  all the time  and all Tom Bombadil

Start time: 5529.50
End time: 5538.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  how is Westeros financially solvent at this point  like it makes no sense  it's constant warfare  there's no agricultural base  they haven't had any industrial progression

Start time: 5539.50
End time: 5548.19
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  why are they even on nation  the Lannisters apparently think that like  mining gold is going to generate money  yeah but they're gold mines  it makes no sense

Start time: 5549.52
End time: 5550.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  what is their currency standard

Start time: 5551.50
End time: 5554.46
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  I think the lack of serious business reporting  on the Iron Bank is an outrage

Start time: 5555.77
End time: 5556.50
Speaker: UNKNOWN
Transcript:  and we need to see a season

Start time: 5559.29
End time: 5560.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  of nothing but Iron Bank stories

Start time: 5561.54
End time: 5564.07
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  I hear Casterly Rock is going with  cryptocurrency

Start time: 5565.97
End time: 5578.44
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  he could be wrong  I would love to see an Iron Bank series  simply because the guy who plays it  is part of a very funny  he's great  he's part of a British comedy program  put this on your list

Start time: 5579.50
End time: 5582.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  the League of Gentlemen  so they're doing spin-offs right

Start time: 5585.62
End time: 5585.77
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  yeah

Start time: 5587.50
End time: 5596.48
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  Kevin Spacey won't be in those spin-offs  no I would watch that though  because it gets into espionage  and it gets into policy  I had enough of Littlefinger

Start time: 5597.50
End time: 5600.38
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  I was so glad when they  I do like that actor

Start time: 5602.02
End time: 5606.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  he was very good in the British version of Queer as Folk  and he was great on the wire too

Start time: 5607.58
End time: 5612.36
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  Aidan Gill was very good on the wire too  I like him as an actor  I love him as an actor

Start time: 5613.54
End time: 5618.40
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  actually that was a problem  because they couldn't decide what to do with him  he went back and forth

Start time: 5619.56
End time: 5624.32
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  I think they dealt with him very well  him and Joffrey were the two big hate figures  that everyone had

Start time: 5625.50
End time: 5628.36
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  don't say anymore  and then when they got married

Start time: 5630.06
End time: 5637.07
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  that was really an eye-opener for all of us  it was nearly as shocking as one of the big ones  Lord Baelish and Joffrey

Start time: 5638.58
End time: 5639.85
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  I went on a pub crawl with Joffrey in Dublin

Start time: 5641.77
End time: 5642.07
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  the actor?

Start time: 5643.50
End time: 5643.93
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  the actor

Start time: 5647.50
End time: 5648.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  he's busy poisoning people

Start time: 5649.50
End time: 5650.46
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  he's given up acting now

Start time: 5651.50
End time: 5655.98
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  he was still Joffrey at the time  he was old enough to drink  was he billed as Joffrey?

Start time: 5657.06
End time: 5658.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  go on a pub crawl with Joffrey

Start time: 5659.00
End time: 5666.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  you went on a pub crawl with Ireland  he's old enough to drink  you mean he didn't turn up on a tricycle  I didn't see how he got there

Start time: 5667.00
End time: 5673.84
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  I feel like he should befriend the actor  who played Draco Malfoy  and they should just swap stories  evil twins

Start time: 5677.02
End time: 5680.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  we need an all Iron Bank season  and we need an all Tom Bombadil season

Start time: 5681.57
End time: 5689.22
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  thank you  that's well worth a quarter of a billion dollars  for the rights to make  we live in strange times  we do

Start time: 5691.06
End time: 5693.98
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  when a DaVinci can sell for 450 million  and it may not even be a real DaVinci

Start time: 5695.08
End time: 5697.88
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  that's the thing  authenticity is questionable

Start time: 5699.00
End time: 5712.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  so how much did Disney pay for the rights to Star Wars?  billions  and it was probably the smartest thing  any movie company has ever done  I'm sure they've not only made that money  they've also redeemed the whole franchise

Start time: 5713.10
End time: 5724.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  it's licensing and it's the parks  because if you've been to the Disney parks  the new Star Wars  what they've done is they've managed the same brand lock-in on little boys  that they've had on little girls

Start time: 5727.00
End time: 5729.57
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  sorry to look on your face  it's true

Start time: 5731.00
End time: 5732.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  I've always been looking for that

Start time: 5733.27
End time: 5755.47
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  this was a big hole  Disney's branding strategy  is to build affinity from an early age  and this way you have positive brand associations for your whole life  and they were missing that with the boys  and getting Star Wars and getting Marvel  those two buys gave them that  in their Darth Vader capes with their lightsabers  Rogue One  Rogue One, sorry

Start time: 5757.00
End time: 5781.78
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  was the opposite of the Hobbit movies  in an important way  Rogue One was so good  that it made the previous movies actually seem better  it redeemed a bunch of the previous movies  including the prequels  the Hobbit movies were so bad  that's a skill in both ways  the Lord of the Rings movies were among my favorite movies  and then the Hobbit movies made me like the original movies less  you guys are so funny

Start time: 5783.00
End time: 5786.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  you have such strong opinions about these things  only about the important stuff

Start time: 5787.00
End time: 5809.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  Rogue One is the best Star Wars film since Empire  exactly  it blew me away  everything about that movie is just  whereas episode 7 or whatever the latest one was just  it was okay  but about halfway through  hang on a second  you just remade the original, haven't you  only the gender flip  and it's just like you still got Scrappy Orphan

Start time: 5810.58
End time: 5813.46
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  that's kind of why I didn't like it  because I felt like we've been here before

Start time: 5814.56
End time: 5821.32
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  the casting is great  and I honestly couldn't have done with  seeing them on the thing

Start time: 5822.91
End time: 5823.34
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  it was good

Start time: 5824.50
End time: 5828.08
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  we have a vote from the chat room forish  a series called Young Sauron  hmm

Start time: 5832.00
End time: 5841.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  well so that's Cimmerillian  that is all about Young Sauron  Sauron actually has a very interesting backstory  I could talk for about a month about it  I tried to read it and I could get through that

Start time: 5842.00
End time: 5845.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  so it's worth looking back  I was a young man

Start time: 5846.02
End time: 5850.98
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  I didn't speak Russian at the time  Sauron's backstory is quite interesting  his interaction with the dwarves

Start time: 5852.02
End time: 5856.96
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  and selective reading  I had a sister who was so into Tolkien  that she actually learned Elvish

Start time: 5860.00
End time: 5861.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  without the teacher reading

Start time: 5862.00
End time: 5862.67
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  that's a good point

Start time: 5864.00
End time: 5867.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  and you have to have a full moon to read it  well we never had that luck

Start time: 5870.16
End time: 5870.31
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  wow

Start time: 5872.02
End time: 5872.94
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  no one to pass the notes to

Start time: 5876.00
End time: 5876.43
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  and I like that

Start time: 5878.00
End time: 5889.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  it was smart to buy Star Wars  and it also juices the parks for them too  we went to Disneyland last year  it was impressive to see how many people  they were lining up to meet Kylo  and they don't really have anything

Start time: 5890.00
End time: 5919.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  the assets aren't done  no  would you run to the Star Wars Hotel  because it's going to be like Westworld  where you're actually in the plot line  you get clothes  you look out the window of your hotel  and you see the universe  will you run to that  no  sorry you just blew my mind  the new Disney Star Wars Hotel  is going to be an experience  it's going to be like a murder mystery weekend

Start time: 5920.04
End time: 5920.92
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  I already have my own storyline

Start time: 5924.00
End time: 5934.98
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  you might meet Jar Jar  that's going to be painful  it just sounds exhausting  Disney says each guest will get a storyline  that will touch every single minute of your day  so you're going to be on a mission

Start time: 5936.00
End time: 5939.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  I pity the actor that plays Jar Jar  he's going to get so many kidney punches

Start time: 5940.00
End time: 5943.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  you are on a spaceship  and so when you look out the window

Start time: 5946.00
End time: 5956.92
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  it sounds good doesn't it  they're trying to track people through parks  and get total data  and they want to control the branding experience  it's Westworld though  when do the robots go bad

Start time: 5958.00
End time: 5959.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  I think this is going to be really stupid

Start time: 5962.00
End time: 5963.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_05
Transcript:  but you look at the Disney packages

Start time: 5964.02
End time: 5989.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  people already pay close to six figures  for the Disney wedding of their dreams  unbelievable isn't it  oh they do  there's a whole Disney wedding complex  you can get your own Disney wedding  you can get the glass coach that Cinderella had  to pull you around  at different hours  and people are really into this

Start time: 5990.00
End time: 5992.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  sometimes I question whether I'm actually part of the human race

Start time: 5995.00
End time: 6025.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  it's the branding affinity  they now have a series of races you can do  where you can dress in a princess tutu and go running  I'm looking forward to the day they do Disney's  retirement  Disney's retirement  it's a celebration  but it's amazing how Disney is like  oh is there a stage of your life  I haven't been to any of the parks in a long time  but I used to like going to Epcot

Start time: 6030.00
End time: 6036.94
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  and you could wander around drunk  and I remember going to Epcot  and I remember going to Epcot  and I remember going to Epcot

Start time: 6038.18
End time: 6045.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  that's cool  I think maybe  I love Epcot for the hydroponics tour  oh my god I loved that as a kid

Start time: 6046.00
End time: 6053.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  I'm wondering whether it's a foreigner thing  because I've been to both Disneyland and Disney  and whatever the other one is called  and it's just like it's okay

Start time: 6058.06
End time: 6064.96
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  there was nothing  but you're totally right  yeah because you're a boy

Start time: 6065.68
End time: 6112.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  from like a retail  and how people spend their money experience  I never cared  it's fascinating to watch how they engineer it  and then I have a small child  and we went last year  and what was really interesting was watching  how the park is designed basically  to get its hooks into children  and convey the idea that  Disney equals fun  she was running around in her Elsa dress  and every person at Disney was like  and like  I was like ahhhh I don't care  but like it really helped  this experience feel frictionless for her  as far as she was concerned  it was two days of riding rides  and wearing a princess dress  and having a marvelous time  and she still talks about it  I did that with my 5 year old daughter

Start time: 6113.60
End time: 6122.11
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  she wore a Minnie Mouse dress  she practically swooned when Minnie hugged her  she's now 25 and has no memory of it  so there's hope yet

Start time: 6123.52
End time: 6124.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  until they say the code word

Start time: 6125.54
End time: 6136.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  no no no my daughter  is Korean Mickey  no my daughter has moved on to Ray now  where it's all Ray all the time  and I'm totally okay with that development  but I think if we go back to Disney

Start time: 6137.56
End time: 6148.17
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  and like her costume Ray goes by  that's when her head will go.  There's a very interesting book by Carl Heisen  a Miami Herald journalist called Team Rodent  where he looks at  I love Heisen

Start time: 6149.50
End time: 6152.32
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  this is non-fiction  and it looks at the land deals

Start time: 6153.60
End time: 6166.44
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  and the tax breaks  I will read that  I think we need to read that  it's interesting because Disney had a down period  they were really almost out of business  and then along came  was it Eisenberg that turned it around

Start time: 6167.50
End time: 6168.40
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  Michael Eisner

Start time: 6169.50
End time: 6172.23
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  and they just completely turned it around  over the last 10 to 15 years

Start time: 6173.50
End time: 6181.83
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  they began repositioning themselves  as a luxury brand  and that's helped tremendously  because people who want that kind of experience  we'll see

Start time: 6183.50
End time: 6196.40
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  you can now get the executive club at Disney  sectioned off hotels  and sectioned off meeting rooms  Disney is expensive  crazy stupid expensive  it's really that expensive  they keep hiking the prices

Start time: 6197.52
End time: 6218.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  because they can and also  where there's too many people  and so they're doing surge pricing  at this point to try and control the crowds more  so it's as a consumer company  and how they're using tech  to try to optimize profit  is a lot of fun to look at them  and see what they're doing

Start time: 6219.50
End time: 6334.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  and how they're doing it  Team Rodent  I'm going to have to check it out  so you may have seen the news stories  that were all over the place  about how this Thanksgiving  will no longer gather together  because the conversation would be too heated  too loaded  and you might wonder well how do they know  actually nobody wondered  everybody published the story  it's a data collection company  called SafeGraph  and many app developers  are putting the SafeGraph  code into their apps  whether it's wallpaper  or you know  maps or whatever  they've collected because of course  when you install that app  you give them location permissions  17 trillion location markers  for 10 million smartphones  they did it last year  and that's where the data comes from  but the thing that's interesting  is it's not in aggregate  it's individual data  because they knew for instance  if your aunt was a Republican  and your niece was a Democrat  they knew that they would be  in the same family  they knew their political affiliation  they were able to report all this  and according to the Washington Post  researchers use of  with SafeGraph used  this data to identify  by the way that's the place you spend  the most time between 1 and 4 a.m.  makes sense in bed  they looked at where people were  between 1 and 5 p.m. last Thanksgiving Day  in order to see if they spent  that time at home or traveled  and then the cell phone data showed you  exactly when those travelers arrived  at a Thanksgiving location  when they left  their political affiliation  their family relationships  I like many people read the news story  and thought oh yeah that makes sense

Start time: 6335.62
End time: 6342.46
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  how do they know  but then when you looked at the research paper  you saw there was an awful lot of  inference and assumption in there

Start time: 6343.50
End time: 6346.48
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  oh I hope that's true  it's also got the word safe in the name

Start time: 6347.58
End time: 6378.28
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  so what's the problem  I thought the real story behind this  was quite how much data  companies like SafeGraph were collecting  rather than you know this  I think slightly bogus thing about  oh well people who disagree on politics  leave early  I don't think they could get that from the data  the amount of data  from as you say wallpaper apps  and torch apps  so whenever I load an app on the phone  it's just like okay  there's no reason you need that  okay let's remove that

Start time: 6379.54
End time: 6394.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  the key part of the story  is when it says that  SafeGraph partners with apps  they could be weather apps, games, wallpapers  and leaves the disclosure up to the app maker  the app makers may have some tiny print  that says we reserve the right to share  your location data with third parties

Start time: 6395.50
End time: 6398.46
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  partners is a weasel word  and we reserve the right to share

Start time: 6399.50
End time: 6400.48
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  let me give you a dollar now you're a partner

Start time: 6401.66
End time: 6402.21
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  I mean it's just like

Start time: 6403.52
End time: 6410.44
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  you can tell by reading this stuff  like godhead is a weasel word  partners as a verb is sort of a weasel word  so what should consumers look for

Start time: 6411.50
End time: 6414.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  in these privacy statements  well first of all privacy statements

Start time: 6415.50
End time: 6418.34
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  need to be written for human beings  and not for law firms

Start time: 6419.50
End time: 6420.46
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  nobody writes 42 pages of

Start time: 6421.52
End time: 6464.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  you're supposed to have these terms of use  that you read through  they are designed specifically  to have you roll down to the bottom  and find whatever click  and consent they don't call them out  in clear languages with clear consequences  but second consumers don't  there are very few app makers  here's how we store that data  here's how we sell that data  here's how we analyze  like there's no transparency at all  and it's very pie in the sky  to expect anybody from a smart appliance maker  to an app to an app maker to  a social network to say  oh this is the data we're collecting  but that doesn't mean that consumers  shouldn't start thinking  oh someone's collecting my data

Start time: 6465.52
End time: 6472.34
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  every app you install has that potential  people at scale aren't going to  aren't going to worry about this  this is like that train of sale

Start time: 6475.50
End time: 6486.48
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  and that's going to force companies  to really take this seriously  if they want to do business in Europe  if you want to do business in Europe  you've got to take better protection of your data  there's no such thing as protection of data

Start time: 6487.50
End time: 6519.93
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  it's a silly concept  exactly  the only thing to be done is  we need to give up this idea  that we can prevent bad outcomes  by keeping data  private or safe  we can't  we have to prevent bad outcomes  and that's like any attempt  especially by the EU  to regulate where certain electrons  containing data live  and how you're allowed to use them  that's silliness

Start time: 6521.50
End time: 6524.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  that will achieve nothing  giving a legal framework to force companies

Start time: 6525.54
End time: 6562.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  to treat it responsibly  that will do nothing  other than just waste a lot of time and money  the actual work is  rebuild society  so that you can't have bad outcomes  even though all the data is out there  so that your insurance company  can have all the data about me  they can know my every thought  it's  this knee-jerk reaction  that somehow we need to keep more secrets  and keeping things secret  it's just not the way the world is going to work  we need to make bad things not happen  by making bad things not happen  not by pretending that we can keep

Start time: 6566.11
End time: 6578.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  there should be  we should be able to  well this is the thing  and if you are the product  shouldn't you know what your market value is?

Start time: 6579.95
End time: 6604.96
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  so  I think  I mean yes  I do think transparency is sometimes fetishized  and is often not the answer  what we're really trying to optimize for  isn't so much transparency  but it's clarity, it's understanding  and when you go from  something that's totally obfuscated  and intentionally made complicated  then more transparency is a good first step  if you just have infinite transparency

Start time: 6610.02
End time: 6615.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  I was about to say clarity is context  transparency is a first step  but then you have to add context to it

Start time: 6616.00
End time: 6632.82
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  organizations that are going to make it their job  to bring that context  and it can be trusted  are wrong headed  they're going to set us back  because they make people think  that's not what's outrageous

Start time: 6640.00
End time: 6641.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  is the idea that I'm going to pay

Start time: 6642.02
End time: 6655.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  $4,000 for a fridge  where I can enter my grocery list  and I can keep track of my stuff  but I have no control over  where that data is going  why don't I get a break  isn't that kind of one of the things GDPR does

Start time: 6656.02
End time: 6659.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  is give you some means of control  some means of getting financial support

Start time: 6660.00
End time: 6680.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  and then you have to have a lot of data  if the data is abused  it's totally unworkable  because it has all kinds of restrictions  it's going to be one of those things  which will I hope  be used selectively to curb the worst abuses  and generally the selective application of laws  is like how we get to banana republics

Start time: 6681.50
End time: 6685.38
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  wow  or how we get to elections

Start time: 6686.52
End time: 6687.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_03
Transcript:  you can't enforce it globally

Start time: 6688.02
End time: 6690.98
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  I mean the only people  the only people who have held back

Start time: 6694.06
End time: 6694.98
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  maybe you shouldn't make that law

Start time: 6696.04
End time: 6702.98
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  you need to  some laws have to be selectively applied  because you can't do better  no but they should be applied universally

Start time: 6704.00
End time: 6706.98
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  within their jurisdiction  it's a nice theory

Start time: 6712.04
End time: 6715.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  who has held Google to account  haven't they been trying to enforce the law

Start time: 6717.50
End time: 6720.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  yeah and in fact there is now a movement to tax  to cut off all those loopholes

Start time: 6723.64
End time: 6728.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  that's why Apple is abandoning  the Irish sandwich with a double Dutch  and moving to the Jersey fudge

Start time: 6729.50
End time: 6738.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  but we talked about that  before  it's a lovely place  beautiful cows

Start time: 6739.56
End time: 6753.18
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  fabulous dairy products  it is a population who have  zero corporate tax  zero corporate tax  very good banking secrecy  and a social system  oh really

Start time: 6755.00
End time: 6778.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  something Phil pointed out earlier  that is relevant to this discussion  and we have seen court cases  where the US government for example  has been able to do that  and the US government for example  wanted to get Microsoft's data out of Ireland  and that was wrangled over in court

Start time: 6779.18
End time: 6783.94
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  it's very challenging  because this is an American company  but it comes down to your data

Start time: 6785.00
End time: 6788.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  can literally go all over the world now  and it's subject to God knows what kind of

Start time: 6789.00
End time: 6806.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  why should we tolerate absurd things like this  like this idea that  somebody is going to try to get  somebody's data out of Ireland  as if it makes any sense in the universe  to say that this data lives in a particular place  it doesn't live anywhere  that's nonsense  that's where the bits are on the drive

Start time: 6809.06
End time: 6812.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  is Microsoft could literally  bounce that data to a different country

Start time: 6813.08
End time: 6823.98
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  interesting or tedious  doing things that literally make no sense  this is like a nonsensical effort  the real work is to say  what do we want to prevent and prevent it

Start time: 6825.00
End time: 6831.82
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  it's more of a mismatch though  between the way the government systems work  and the way this modern technology works  it's an impedance mismatch

Start time: 6833.16
End time: 6884.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  it's supposed to be  although hard to say  a book by Stuart Brand called  The Clock of the Long Now  a really short book  and there's a particular one section in it  that describes the way the entire world works  there's to understand in life  but the central idea is that  society is based on these  it's like a set of layers, concentric circles  and they operate at different speeds  the outer layers move really fast  and that's fashion and commerce  and then the inner layers move a lot more slowly  and that's government, culture, things like that  and they're supposed to move at different speeds  and it's supposed to feel frustrating  it's intentional  that's it working well  government is always supposed to feel  sluggish compared to business  and there's always supposed to be that friction

Start time: 6885.02
End time: 6888.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  I far prefer an inefficient slow government  to an efficient effective government

Start time: 6889.04
End time: 6922.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  and attempts to get rid of that  attempts to make those layers  move at the same speed have been disastrous  that's what the Soviet Union tried to do  they basically tried to say  we're going to lock commerce and culture together  five-year plans  China right now, well now they're kind of stopping  but over the past couple of decades  they've tried to make nature  the environment move at the speed of commerce  so marky  now trying to back off of that a lot  it's always supposed to feel like there's this impenetrable mismatch  that's how we know it's working

Start time: 6923.18
End time: 6927.98
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  I have this church  the clock of the long now in my other room  I'm going to get it and I'm going to read it

Start time: 6929.00
End time: 6929.90
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  I think it's like chapter 7

Start time: 6931.00
End time: 6932.94
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  I had no idea how the world works was in that book

Start time: 6934.14
End time: 6957.67
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  it only takes like three pages to explain it  it is very cool  but the main thing about the status stuff  is just like okay  what are the abuses  not try to like  do things that don't make sense  which is regulating where electrons live  right  that makes no sense

Start time: 6959.00
End time: 6962.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  or as Patterson in our chat room says  the wheels of justice turn slowly

Start time: 6963.00
End time: 6963.98
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  but grind exceedingly fine

Start time: 6965.08
End time: 6977.69
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  but grind exceedingly fine  let's take a break  great panel  what a great discussion  Lisa Schmeiser is here from IT Pro Today  she's the editor there  and of course

Start time: 6979.00
End time: 6979.84
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  I have a grand poobah above me

Start time: 6981.45
End time: 6983.73
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  and also  the dean

Start time: 6985.02
End time: 6985.94
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  yeah it's not inaccurate

Start time: 6987.00
End time: 7027.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  the host of Lisa and Phil Ruin the Movies  which is available on the incomparable network  Phil Libman has his own podcast  All Turtles a weekly show about  AI?  Practical AI  all-turtles.com  he's the CEO of that  I never get it right  artificial intelligence studio  where stuff is made  and from the register.co.uk  oh he found the book  Ian Thompson  you can look up this page if you want  in the clock of the long now  we can see  from the register  nice to have you Ian  to represent  that emerald isle

Start time: 7028.81
End time: 7029.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  that's Ireland in fact

Start time: 7030.81
End time: 7051.38
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  oh look he found it  there's even a chart  of speeds  fashion goes like this  commerce goes like  pretty fast  infrastructure a little slower  governance slower still  culture is slower still  and nature  that's the slowest

Start time: 7052.50
End time: 7053.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  when you attempt to make them move at lock speed

Start time: 7054.50
End time: 7077.38
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  everything breaks  it's like a clock  nice  Stewart Brand is brilliant  creator of the whole earth catalog  and really in some respects  I think a lot of people including John Markoff  believe kind of the spiritual leader  of innovation  that what he did with whole earth catalog  inspired everybody from Steve Jobs  to Phil Libbon

Start time: 7078.50
End time: 7083.48
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  I had a great privilege to interview him on stage  at one of our conferences  one of the best moments of my life

Start time: 7084.58
End time: 7322.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  that's kind of neat  I hope you got an autograph  our show today brought to you by betterment  I think everybody knows you need to invest  you need to save  for your future  whether it's college  a down payment on our house  designed to improve  your long term returns  plus lower taxes  for whatever long term financial goals you have  they take advanced  investment strategies and technology  and they deliver  them in an efficient way  to 270,000 customers  there's one thing you don't want to do slowly  and that's keep up with your investments  and betterment helps you  and what I love about this is  they actually have huge numbers  of humans involved  certified financial planners  you can work with for a very affordable price  based on what you tell betterment  things like your term  how long your  long term investments are going to be for  your tolerance of risk  they're going to make tailored recommendations  on things like how much to invest  how much risk you could take on  the type of investment you should have  they have some really interesting portfolios  including my favorite  their socially responsible investing portfolio  they have some really interesting portfolios  that you think  meet your social goals  I love that  they give you a clear view of your net worth  you sink in your outside accounts  bank accounts and other investments  you're going to have on one page  everything you need to know  and you get advisors  who are working on your behalf  they're what they call fiduciaries  they don't get commissions  for recommending funds  they don't have funds of their own  they're very affordable  when you use the betterment app  for a 0.25% annual fee  you can have unlimited messaging access  to the team of financial experts  that's really cool  that's frankly the way I prefer to do it  many of you maybe perhaps want phone access  I don't know why  I hate talking on the phone  but if you do 0.4% annually  and you can have access to that entire team  they're all fiduciaries  they're all working for you  the app is of course secure  but you can do it better  you can do it right  for a free 5 minute investment review  all you have to do is go to  betterment.com slash twit  you don't have to sign up  you just answer some questions  and they will assess  what you're investing in now  how it fits your real goals  your tax strategies  your risk exposure  and how much you're paying in fees  and that is all free  with no sign up  betterment  I feel like we have covered  everything that you could possibly  talk about in the entire  world of tech  I'm sad to say tech shop is folding  this was an attempt to make  a maker space for profit  I really liked the idea  they got a lot of help from  the folks at make and so forth  but it's not financially viable  not much of a surprise  we're going to be shut down  and Mashable has been sold off  this week  Mashable which was just  two years ago valued at  $200 million  sold we think  this is funny  I put that in quotes  sold to a company called  Ziff Davis for $50 million  but Ziff Davis itself  was sold a few years ago  to J2 the company that brings  you eFax  owns Ziff Davis  well the online  Ziff Davis  and now that has bought  Mashable  I don't know what their long-term strategy  is but you know what faxing probably

Start time: 7323.00
End time: 7325.63
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  doesn't have a great future  so maybe

Start time: 7327.04
End time: 7336.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  oh I don't know there's still the  medical industry there's bank  there's real estate  well as we found out this week  there's still people using dot matrix

Start time: 7337.00
End time: 7338.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  printers because the latest Fax Tuesday

Start time: 7339.00
End time: 7347.92
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  is that there's still 100 million  200 million 300 million users  even if you know one one thousandth  of one percent use dot matrix  printers that's a lot of people

Start time: 7349.00
End time: 7367.96
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  gonna be pissed off  I think one of the stories  that is that's a through line  through tech and doesn't get a  whole lot of coverage because it's  not about new is there are still  a lot of small governments  or school systems or even  hospitals or banks or places  where they're using proprietary

Start time: 7369.00
End time: 7369.96
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  data or two like Windows XP

Start time: 7371.06
End time: 7395.78
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  yeah there's a lot there's a lot  of software that's still very  dependent on older operating systems  or older technology in general  and these are people who are who  are now in the we have to patch  together and hack together solutions  because nobody's supporting us phase  of the tech cycle yeah  it's the same way common isn't it  yeah I've talked to IT pros  who run for example they'll run  their their their county assessor

Start time: 7397.00
End time: 7404.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  office in some county in  NASA for the curiosity landing  and they're still using Windows XP  on their presentation software

Start time: 7405.02
End time: 7408.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  well but that's probably safe I  mean somebody commandeers your

Start time: 7409.06
End time: 7423.94
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  PowerPoint that's not the end of  the world if you're talking about  if you're talking about places  that depend on public funding like  school districts or city councils  they they're only able to upgrade  every few years they're not going  to be able to push to operating

Start time: 7425.00
End time: 7426.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  systems as a service or things like

Start time: 7427.00
End time: 7428.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  that and so their IT needs are

Start time: 7429.00
End time: 7439.71
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  becoming a bigger and bigger issue  you know we keep I want I think we  need to start a new segment called  the Reaper watch because  there's this massive bot  net called Reaper

Start time: 7441.00
End time: 7444.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  it's not as big as some people are  saying but it's it's big enough it's

Start time: 7445.14
End time: 7474.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  hundreds of thousands of machines  and it's growing they said at 10,000  machines a day yeah taking advantage  maybe it's slowed down a little bit  because every every one of these  web cameras and DVRs that is hackable  has been hacked I don't know  but for some reason somebody is  building a botnet  with many many more devices than  we're in the Mirai botnet which as  you remember was pretty devastating  last year and we don't know who it  sure looks like it's a nation state  based on the fact that it has a Lua

Start time: 7475.00
End time: 7484.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  front end it could be very  as I've heard  we've had a lot of hype around  Reaper a couple of weeks ago but it  does seem to be kicking up a gear

Start time: 7485.00
End time: 7501.98
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  now well and I don't even mean to  bring up the hype again I just feel  like well we found out about it  no attack yet but it's still  growing it's like that it's just  like a blob that's growing we don't  know what it's going to be used for  and at some point it's going to be  unleashed right it's gonna happen

Start time: 7503.00
End time: 7516.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  nobody does this without an intent  I mean if we're lucky it's just  gonna be selling someone's selling  parts of it off for you know for  for botnet for botnets for hire if  we're unlucky as a state actor and  it's going to be very very interesting

Start time: 7517.02
End time: 7522.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  when it kicks in yeah remember the  power grid line which is an internet  infrastructure company and brought

Start time: 7523.00
End time: 7523.96
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  down a lot of the internet when the

Start time: 7525.02
End time: 7530.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  power grid goes down the west coast  we'll figure out why I just want you  know we haven't forgotten about it

Start time: 7531.02
End time: 7542.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  we'll keep an eye on it yeah although  to be honest the east coast is more  risk because a lot of the west coast  things like power stations still have  manual electronic controls but it's  the rest of the grid that's going to

Start time: 7543.04
End time: 7558.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  be the issue nice so we shall see I  think we can just wrap things up this  has been such a good conversation I  welcome you don't end on the down  note I've read the pudding there is  no way to end on an up note what's  what's the up note Christmas is  coming about dogs hurrah hurrah no

Start time: 7559.00
End time: 7563.96
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  that's terrifying allergies it's not  people allergies can probably have  dogs all right adorable all right

Start time: 7565.00
End time: 7567.94
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  when you get your iBo you bring it  in and we can play with it I get the

Start time: 7569.00
End time: 7572.00
Speaker: SPEAKER_07
Transcript:  iBo I'll get the translator come  back with a whole bunch of bring toys

Start time: 7573.00
End time: 7573.94
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  next I have an iBo that can speak

Start time: 7575.02
End time: 7609.90
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  Danish is what I'm under so that's  the living is the CEO of all  turtles all dash turtles dot com  listen to their podcast every week and  I love it when you come in and of  course been a friend of Phil's and a  fan of Phil's since the Evernote days  always your insights are always more  than welcome same with you Lisa  Schmeiser you're just great we've got  to get you back more often editor at  IT Pro today I will be listening to  you ruin the movies from now on  because I enjoyed you ruining the  movies today oh excellent that was  really fun Ian Thompson you know  you're always welcome it's great to  have you ready you know how to bribe

Start time: 7611.00
End time: 7611.94
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  me that's a man a few few prices

Start time: 7613.10
End time: 7616.99
Speaker: SPEAKER_02
Transcript:  title the mermaid is always hot and  ready egg you eggs on top sounds like

Start time: 7619.00
End time: 7620.12
Speaker: SPEAKER_04
Transcript:  a really horrible horrifying I love

Start time: 7625.04
End time: 7707.50
Speaker: SPEAKER_06
Transcript:  my my but not that much white so much  we do this show every Sunday  afternoon it's kind of my last show  of the week your first show of the  week 3 p.m. Pacific 6 p.m. Eastern  time 2300 UTC we're more than welcome  to get you back on YouTube.com slash  Twitter or Twitter TV slash live or  Twitter you stream and if you do watch  live please join us in the chat room  because frankly that's where my jokes  all come from IRC dot twit dot TV you  can also join us in studio we had a  great studio audience email tickets at  twit.tv we'll put a seat out for you  would love to have you here don't come  without emailing us though because we  want to you know for security reasons  we like to do background checks on you  and make sure we've installed the  security check so please email tickets  at twit I'm joking twit.tv we will  let's see what else can I say we will  have on-demand audio and video this show  as always at our website twit.tv or  wherever you subscribe to pockets fact  that's probably what you ought to do is  just subscribe whether you use pocketcast  or overcast or iTunes or stitcher or  slide whatever you use subscribe you  can use your echo and listen to every  episode just say echo listen to twit on  tune in and you'll you'll get the most  out of every episode it's you know we  appreciate when you listen thank you  very much and we will see you next time  but for now another twit is in the can  happy Thanksgiving everybody bye bye

